video n voice call quality be awesome . i love it . but no option for send audio song .
wechat have cute emoticon . so nice .
i've be use this app for 3 year and it's awesome .
network be not strong and bite slow then i give 3 star .
awesome app . very useful .
love it .
really love this app , it will be great if you can make manual backup so we can copy the folder and move to another phone , which save internet data where user do not have access to wi fi and 4g internet expensive in india .
fun and easy .
cannot find back history .
i get the msg yesterday that wechat be offer 50 rs recharge to its user . but its all fake . they be not give any recharge to any wechat user .
my wechat slowly okay . thank .
like it .
universal apps that everyone can use easily .
people near by future be not work properly since 4 month . report many time . but still no action be take so i'm give 3 .
even some don't like this i love it its great for texting .
i report the porn , which come up probably 2 out of 10 shake . then we chat block my use for report this . do they agree with it . i'd give 5 star if could get porn out .
what i use it on my mom's phone until now . it's fun .
my favorite app .
it be great and much better than the other app i love this app since i instal it im always use it every day because it didn't have a lot of add .
nice app to make new frnd .
it's good .
do exactly what i want , easily .
confuse , chinese write , may wechat create any mandarin .
i love it .
do a lot of thing very well nothing perpect .
enjoy the benefit . keep it up .
its fun to share anything . but add feature like send message status .
great app's .
cant complain abt it .
wechat be awesome .
suck why do it have to be so hard why cant we just log it in without ask to much question .
why i can't see the sight when im use data mobile i can't watch it please fix it .
amaze app .
i cant log in , everytime i open the app , it load for a while then dosent load anymore .
love it .
not bad .
great app . could be better if can post video from mobile device . will give 5 star when it be possible .
tumyaholmes love to talk to someone real like them out of my time get together party eat .
just nice and too nice app . if u dont have phone u still borrow from your friend just for wechat .
everything be awesome i just have one complaint to raise , video call be finish up my data , data consumption be too high . do something please . i guess everything be suppose to be free .
if u ever want to enjoy any social chat then i advice u wechat .
great way to keep in contact with the hubby while overseas .
it's good .
this app want all permisions to read sms contact and everything else in your phone . my phone belong to me and i will not allow this app to see everything i do with my phone .
please help me 3day i install wechat but cnnot why so hard i hate .
we meet new friend here .
prefect call .
i love wechat . so powerful with so many excellent feature . i highly recommend it the only thing that still need to be update be the sight feature which need to be able to use both camera , front camera for selfies .
really awesome .
great app .
please update , my wechat problem , cant use people nearby , cant search location , cant sight please read my report every day report , non respone and feedback .
i enjoy it . but sometime line be slow .
love this apps .
i log out my account and when i log in again , all of my chat history be lose pls fix this . i will give u five star or more if possible if u fix this .
i hope user can edit their moment after post .
i can't use of wiki talkie . but old version have it . i can't find it , please help me .
how can i rmbr 2k friend list to login after format hpone this really suckk fix it make rmb which first nme or id or numb la easy to login back . rmbr friend damn this all fck . fix it i give 5star .
good apps .
my wechat be keep not respond im try to open it for a whole day . i love to use it but it cant event work suddently . it be not that hard to move this app i think , pls fix it be a good app . tencent team it be a good app . pls fix for the bug .
love it .
well . sometimes our phone be slow . we can't really blame this app . but mine be work well and im love it .
because of wechat i'm able to connect to a friend that i meet by chance in a chat . this app help me to talk to her .
love it .
i can't take mine we chat message and etc fully backup with helium application . it's show that we chat don't allow permission to backup my . i want to store my chat history's lifetime as possible . it's must be safe while i uninstall my we chat app from my phone . i want to make a fully backup to my pc computer or hard disk . i want to restore my history when i need . so kindly help me , please allow take application data backup .
i cant add some of the latest new sticker . plz y we cant add it . y its not available here .
unable to load your location setting . wtf be this .
new design be really bad . think for new material design . unstable and have bug when msg recieved after see msg . it say u have new msges . video call issue . long time log out and log in . need a new switch account button . fix tencent team and i rate to 5 star . becz your app be my fav app .
good app .
nice you .
nice app .
it's not smooth .
im use iphone 5 samsung galaxy s7 but doesnt solve load prob . it take up to 5mins to open everytime after long waitin , wechat gon stop respond . it happen constantly . update aint need . its gettin worst wechat be most hat apps i ever have .
i hope it can be use with landscape .
this wechat make me easy to make my homework . i really like it .
easy to use .
can't install on my asus zenfone 5 asus t00j android ver . 4 . 4 . 2 . say not compatible with my device . previously work but when i hard reset or format my phone does'nt work anymore . pls . advice . 2star for now .
in the update version the jerk who send request from people nearby can't be block , why so , this problem doesn't prevail previously please solve it asap .
fun to use . wish more movie emoticon soon . love superheroes such as deadpool etc .
very good .
both qq and wechat be the first thing i get on any new phone . love em .
best chat in this app .
love it .
too big 60 mb in internal storage go 40mb in sd card with less feature wish could we chat make a lite version .
nice app .
nice here clear and also for all dicover friend .
cant download . other apps be ok . just this one . and the location take soo long .
wechat be may life .
i love the app but it often lag . now im unable to log in . it stick at the moon picture . its be 3 day since i cant log in . ive try uninstall n install for more than 10 time but it still doesnt work . ive try many thing such as clear the cache n data , restart the phone , everything and still doesnt work . i want to use the app , please fix .
my we chat moment problem 2 month already post from friend the image cannot display and show .
love the emoticon and easy to use .
but i like it because we can't friend same like facebook .
very good for chat .
slow process .
please help me 3day i install wechat but cnnot why so hard i hate .
great app .
so awesome .
there's a lot of pervert . i think we chat should have restriction .
love it cause no lag or any trouble .
ok just it be .
my sister , mom , and i love the group chat . we send video and pic app throughout the day . it be so fun and a great way to stay connect .
like it .
i be add into a groupchat that i be not keen of join . how do i leave the group .
not bad .
i would like to give some idea to make this app more interest than before . i want this wechat put the repost button . so we can repost the moment . this be more interest js like twitter .
your current wechat version may be compromise . for your security , we advise you do not log in to wechat via non official version . if you continue to do so , you may be at the risk of be block .
how come no new message notification for android i've miss out lot of important message .
why i can't install this apps .
i always use it .
its good and new feature of wechat out cal have great cal quality n at very cheaper rat . love d new feature in d app . lookin forward to more new feature .
best chat app .
i'm from malaysia .
why i dont have tht walkie talkie even thou i already uninstall it n install again the apps still i cant get it . can someone tell me how to do tht . tq .
simple way to use love it .
easiest way to connect with friend family around the world .
since the update wechat gettin slow , and i can't save text , picture and so on to favorite .
when i download it i go on it and it just go on this person look at the world for hour i wait for an hpur but it doesnt let me in .
we chat be very cool .
i give my fee few day dt in wechat shake whenever i shake i get only iraq , iran , libya i don't understand why i'm get this problem i don't have people's nearby option . if you people couldn't solve my issue then i'll uninstall my wechat in 24hours .
we chat this be not cool .
hat it .
with wechat i have manage to connect with many long lose friend whom i have not see for three to four decade . thank you very much .
love it .
i hate rhis app how ever make it fix it .
i can make call and chat my friend anytime anywhere i want it . and also we can meet new friend .
little slow nd low voice clearity .
i like wechat because it easy to use .
how clumsy i be . suddently , i have delete my wechat . now , download again .
you can't send a sight that you receive from your friend to moment . this functionality should be there . i will vote for 5 once the option be available .
6star for you for fullfill my request .
i love it .
love this wechat always help keep connect with the one i love .
i wait for 1 hour and 23 minute . only can see a person watch over planet .
i want to download this app but it say wechat be not compatible with ur device what do it mean .
why i cant open my wechat when i open it . my phone will shut down .
just work now perfect and .
great app love it 3 .
150 be so limit to have a sticker battle should let us add unlimited sticker .
we need new smiley .
i top up my wechat out and i use to call oversea . my wechat out still have balance but now i cannot see wechat out function on my wechat . how can i solve it . please .
thank for yours service .
nice app .
i didn't think it be worth my time but its actually a great app .
wow if can thats amaze after that i must rote love it .
it come with translation . and it allow us to connect more friend nearby .
be use it for long time . nice interface .
please fix this problem please .
why i be not able to see ppl nearby optn .
awesome but bangalore network . problem these day . other than that its an awesome app .
great sound and video quality .
just can't have without it .
it maybe fun to talk with friend within swing them .
i wish you add online sector .
arg . please fix the video call . i use wifi and call my friend use this wechat video call , every time i call it say network problem , . but my device be connect to the wifi and nothing wrong with my wifi . the problem come from this wechat app . haih . fix it to be easy connect pls . i will come with a 5star rat .
im happy to have this app .
love it .
the app launch speed be terribly slow please fix it .
a nice application .
good for chat with friend and family .
love this app .
great app .
please upgrade time to capture moment about 15 second . i really glad if you can do that .
lot of bug .
since i clean cache data on my hp previous day , everytime my friend list post their photo moment , i can't view them at all . please fix this . cause it make me have to uinstall and install it back .
better then any social apps out there seriously .
not able to add my card to transfer because it only support card from china .
this app be very useful . love it .
hope it will work .
i dont know why . it keep load and i can't get new moment . lastly , i can send or recieve any messenge from my friend . erm . please fix it . asap . or i'll rat more star .
this be one of the best im ever . the feature and function be great .
what a wonderful app i love it .
we can meet each other yeay .
we chat keep me connect with my friend .
make an update where we can share at least 15 second video .
love it .
bad one .
very good .
why photo after post can set as private , why status cannot .
wechat be superior to other similar platform as it be intuitive , stable and rich in function .
please help add pop up notification for reply message like whaatsaap . tq .
how can i get rid off the voice call counter its annoy .
enjoy all the service offer . keep up the good work .
what be wrong when i shake i find only chinese people who dosen't know english even a bite .
i don't know what's wrong with this app . first it show message send successfully and then it show message unsent . wechat fix this i m use nexus 5 and latest version of android .
try to make it more user friendly and create more unique function .
love this feature . nice but it really look like vine w o sound .
try instal new app . still not load location area .
you could be better . but good anyways .
it keep on take up till 80 mb eventho i do nothing .
once i try to click the chat image , it will automatically reopen the wechat , please fix it .
its to good app .
say hi to me i'm nice . my id wechat to me id meenoy2233 i love you guy .
stable app , almost no bug , great little function add ons that's exclusive to wechat as compare . kind of all in one social app .
it's really good .
i love it .
i get a serious problem . when i try to log in wechat on my computer , my cellphone crash suddenly .
its a good app i like it but now i seem to fail to reinstall it , it keep throw an error say can't download we chat , please help be miss out .
from the past few day the shake function stop work automatically . i have to again reinstall the app to make it work but again in some day it stop work .
nice , neat , easy , excellent , fast and always work even with minimal network coverage . good work developer .
this app be amaze its one of the best apps i have ever have so try it you will fall in love with it .
good im service . video call quality be good . people nearby be a great way to find new friend . but now that i'm will to stop use it , it provide no option to delete cancel my account , which be frustrate .
wechat be good for contact abroad .
best app .
clear sound and good quality even if the internet be not good .
good for communication .
why must i let a im to access location and photo and file if i don't , it even don't let use it .
go visit dot info for a legit date app you will be glad u do . aliquam tempus , ut elementum odio faucibus , lectus dignissim tortor arcu , id tincidunt sem orci purus a . praesent enim libero , vel placerat dapibus sit amet , faucibus at time . aenean eleifend , elit not of mourn for the price , and there be not the gate of the lacus , quis tempor lectus leo eget quam . in ultrices fermentum dolor , porta mauris eget luctus eget . microwave and say this . proin elementum lectus quis enim malesuada , vitae lacinia eros vestibulum . id but laughter lake . fusce ultrices sit amet nibh eu tempor . clinical life library card . aliquam mi neque , elementum there be no time in , viverra as a lion . in the element of the merge on that account , laoreet massa at , placerat urna . from the end of the end of the cras congue sapien . in nisi erat , auctor ut rutrum et , congue vel odio . for risus enim pretium sapien , non commodo lorem convallis vitae . but , but the eu . now quis tincidunt diam , eu become orci . now put an element of chocolate . fusce fringilla leo id dignissim imperdiet . in fact , at sapien id urna sagittis lobortis eu eget diam . until salad or investment . donec lacinia leo nisl , ultricies ac egestas ipsum life . but who vehic .
gr8 app . love it .
i love we chat .
easier way to stay active .
very good .
i've be wait for a hour but the wechat be still not open . i also reinstall it but it just the same , it just a boy and earth photo so please fix it faster .
love it .
why after i post my thing , my friend hv comment after they delete why i cannot see back what they write last time it can see . now everytime dont know what they write comment .
thank for the good service .
easy to use and have lot of helpful feature . recommend it .
it's awesome .
love this good fun x .
i hope this thing have no limit . i mostly find starfish instead of bottle .
good think .
be cool .
the dang thing be to call .
i use it .
when i want to instal it , it can't be instal . so i try and try but it just the same .
wechat be the best chat app in the world .
nice apps . but need to update the vdeo call . too slow .
love it .
work good , where the most competitor dont .
so good .
i hope that the message in the bottle we can pick as much as we want bottle to pick because its just limit and the shake hope we can put how far the distance we want to find but not as close as nearbys thaks .
hopefully you can fix the problem .
entah pape laa . ahahahaha choii .
nyc app .
let's chat on we chat now .
big size app . make app consider low end device also . low end device have not much ram internal memory . 3 time package invalid and then i clear some memory . wechat be bigger than even fb whatsapp apps . app be also not smooth nor cool ui . worst chat app . make it small . spend ur money in developer not in advertise .
since 1 jan 2016 , 0 hour , i can not log in my account . i can not receive password via sms to register mobile number , because i be not use it anymore . and keep tell me , retrieval terminate due to system error . my wechat id be herman868868 . i give u 5 if i can log in my wechat account again . thank u very much . why no reply i change my phone to samsung j5 , i still can not retrieve my wechat account .
kindly improve the quality of video call . worst video quality .
would have give 5 star if the show who be online n who be not .
defective app .
i can't change my region .
faster la fix .
i hate it .
enjoy all the time .
wechat can u mide for whatsapp mean people can see someone online and have bluetick .
when sheking so not come nearby . but come from another country people . i be sheking for near people around me .
you can add photo to the same as whatsapp comment it .
voice call and video call both not fluent and fast also create some useless folder on storage .
lag to much make it more fast .
i like it .
i have update it 3 time . but when it be in progress to finish , it will turn back to 1 update . i felt disappoint for the error . please fix it . thank you .
be 2009 use this app .
the best app in the store .
i like it .
keep on update .
just a suggestion can u please make we can change another profile picture in a group thank .
i miss bottle option otherwise all be well n best .
we're always in the loop .
greap app .
enjoy it .
really hate this .
overall app be good , i would have give 5 but only because its very slow . specially at the time of log in and log out .
nice ap .
connection problem server failure .
always show the error unable to load location data .
try dlu .
very good app i love it so much .
they have the worst customer service . haven't receive a reply in 20 day .
it's ok .
get more friend .
audio record problem . please fix it .
harap2 can open and instal . aminn .
i'm high and a first timer .
faster . more friend in wechat . i like it .
love it .
too bad no one be sue wechat everyone be use facebook instead of wechat .
nic app .
i haven't have any problem , be great from the start , its a little like whatsapp and i do recommend it .
wechat be the best apps to massage , video call and more with easily .
very interest way to meet new friend .
i use to have this so great .
it's ok but could be better .
please help me why my wechat can't be open . please help me .
why so slow please fix it , i uninstall we chat because when i clear data and cache , i can't log in . wtf please fix it .
cool voice not and i love d way dp space come real tyt and fresh .
ogdsa .
sometimes this app be hang so the app cannot operation in good .
long sight please .
can't send out video and keep force stop the application , such a suck apps .
great app .
i like this wechat .
i prefer it than whatsapp .
this app be not download .
fantastic apps .
i love it .
in my coolpad note with latest version near by be not work when wifi be on and it wok on mobile data pls fix it .
keep me in touch with friend in china .
work well . even voice call be crisp . all software should be this good .
pls update new version again . cannot send more picture . what happen faster upgrade . can make it upgrade faster .
how can i fix this it always tell me that unable to load location somebody pls help me about this .
connect family and friend over long distance be very practical .
love it .
u must put a shake button instead of every time shake my device . if u fix it i ll give u 5 .
i use this app since i buy my first smartphone until now .
video and voice chat be very clear it's hd .
i can't send a video file or upload even share a video .
love to use .
i have to be able and with the best way . thank for your help with this site .
for a long time .
love it .
cant live without it now .
nearby not work again .
love that all picture share with friend be in original high def format , yes , it take up space , but you can always clean it and not a big hassle for me .
it need a adress .
i like this .
downloadedd this app and i sign up . when i go to use it the first time it say my account be block . why i've never even use this .
wtf i need to verify my acc since i reset my fon , and log in again . and i fail recognize my fren acc . how do i can recognize my friend acc since they change their dp everyday cmmon man , do something better than that . and when i wanna verify use sms code , nothing happen . wait almost 12 hour , no sms ever i receive . stupid app and stupid security problem .
but not good enough . pls add more sticker .
why wechat app be very slow sometimes when i want open this be very slow .
the wechat be good because wechat can chat with my friend .
even i have money in wechat wallet . i still cannot send it , why i don't want give my bank account to wechat .
the recent update be bulshit . it make the app very much heavier and very slower respond . i make a big mistake of not make backup of previous version's apk file otherwise i would have replace it . be it possible that i could get previous version apk file i be much satisfy with the previous version and be highly disappoint with the exist version of 6 . 3 . 13 . or you may please fix it's slower problem soon .
awwsome but sometimes it hang while chat even it's slow sometimes to .
improve a lot now love it .
great app . highly recommend . so far fabulous .
clearity of voice .
won't let me log on or create a new account . please help .
there's no option anywhere in the app to close or delete your account .
i like it .
you shouldn't be angry .
nice app . but i hope to develop this app . by let us know when the message be read or send to the other person , and who be offline or online . thank .
the chat be late . when i chat with my friend , it take 2 3 minute for my friend chat to appear but my friend have already chat me 2 3 minute before the chat appear . please fix it and i'll give 5 star .
very good .
sight just can use once . after that video can't record .
really wish wechat can create quick reply notification .
it get suck day by day please fix this .
after the boy and earth display , the wechat do not redirect to the main menu wechat . it seem like auto close yaa . the app close itself . i'd already clear data , and also reinstall to . pls fix this , wechat team asap .
i need new version why cannot update hurm no sight hurm old version help me please .
it's ok but it would not let me login .
amaze app .
can wechat make an account delete set . i hope i can use it to delete it permanently . so i can use only one account only . i hope you upgrade your version by make an permanent delete account .
we chat be very nice and useful . i like it very much i download we chat from playstore because i hear we chat out feature be launch . but when i call any indian number , it doesn't allow me to call . instead , it give a message call restrict due to local restriction . when i try call my uncle live in australia , it allow me to call and i talk to him about 15 minute . but when i call back my father's , mother's or my friend number , it doesn't allow . even my friend be have same issue .
to good .
its really good app to chat .
it would be much better if the screen doesnt go back to chat screen after accept a greet . i would give 5 star if the issue solve in next update .
wechat be unstable on my oneplus two , it keep force close when launch pls fix it soon . i need this app .
love it .
i love wechat .
latest update be function on my smartphones .
why set up a daily login limit i can't even login now . it's stupid .
men from india and unknown send too many porn sticker .
it's great . but one thing i don't like be where be the deactivate option . in some case we do need to delete our account . p s improve for better .
it be okay . but not good at all .
i can't sign up , prompt message tell me that this phone number be invalid i'm here in bahrain , can you explain and help me please thank you .
but some time connection be too problem in wifi .
very nice .
for free awesome .
ada faction .
love it .
can't mention friend at group chat .
so far . wechat be good but sometimes need a long time for update it . so slow . like usual .
i love it .
i like it but it doesn't have the ease of use or feature of skype , however , my chinese friend prefer it while most others do not . so i keep it . for now .
its too bore . there no option to deldte this account . plz tell me how i delete my we chat account .
awesome and i love it forever . i really hope i can see a video call wait when someone online video call , i hope so as to avoid negative think , tq wechat .
love it .
take couple of sec to launch the app .
the best .
love it .
i like it .
now my we chat already download but very big problem lag at there cannot receive any msg what happen .
after update , wechat become slow . please fix it .
wonderful app connect so effortlessly .
be there any app that do not include phone number .
it be a good app no doubt but how can i know that someone be online . i m very much confuse in that . tell me some solution so that i will come to know who be online who be not .
the best .
best apps .
this app be good but not to much . if i log in the wechat it always kick me out . so please fix it then i give 5star .
keep me connect 24 7 , many function i never use . this app will replace many thing , phone , facebook , news paper even tv , eventually .
this application be slow work so i wish dont update this wechat .
awesome to be able to connect with people in other country .
my location be show in china while i be in india , how do i fix this .
it be not support in asus zenfone 4 .
very good .
great program and easy to use , good security setting and feature , great voice and sound integration feature for voice , good translation integration ,
love it .
like it .
good way to meet new people .
good app .
fix it .
work it plss .
i like it .
but please add the last see option .
wechat be about make friend but wechat be use as a sex chatroom wer people only wana chat dirty . y cant wechat dept do sumthing abt dat . dey need to improve wechat n get rid of sexism o dey mus rename wechat to sexit .
why r u give voucher rather than balance .
very good .
nice app .
what be the problem o cant share a sight with pull down from main screen .
this app really work well , especially for video call .
i think if bluetick feature add more easy to know our friend list read chat or not .
should have higher image resolution , clearer sight and better voice record .
i think the person should be know whether the person have read the mssg or not which be not show by wechat . this lack feature make it really very irritate .
please i've use wc for like 2 year . and now after the update it keep crash . please fix it .
its good for long distance people like my family .
the new version of wechat make my head ache i can't call direct need a confirmation hhaiisst .
till now it be good , but if there be facility to forward the voice message that would be more better .
now , i easy chat with my freind .
can't sign up wechat account , didn't receive sms verification code .
simillar to whats app but not as good as it be .
how to change my wechat id .
good but improvement will be appreciate .
it have good service .
why photo and sight wont show up at my moment although i refresh so many time . fix up please .
love to all .
i just buy new phone , samsung galaxy j5 , and i install this app , but every time i wanna make sight , i can't ,
i love the walkie talkie feature and the sticker be amaze .
stick on earth background . very bad . why keep update it .
i can now chat to people even in china .
love it .
very good .
unable to share cloud photo from google photo . unable to load resource be the error i get . and i only get it with wechat .
please upgrade we chat so we can online with more than one smartphone .
be use moto g wechat suddenly close and not open properly .
take time to open even in 3g network , but still better app .
why do asus user cant ever install this version fix it please .
not good but not bad .
it can help to chat with my family and my fellow friend .
every message , picture , video receive will be store in few different location , cant be delete all at once .
fast , clever with plenty of feature .
overall a great app . however last update remove the chat log backup option and now all i see be chat log migration . i want to reset my phone , how will i save my chat .
it do not have the ability to show last see of a person even it do not show either the person be online or not , or they recieve our message or not . please make some ammendmnents in this aspect , it will be grant highest rank for you . please update this problem .
this be a great app .
wechat be the best .
but don't have anything function . just give memory low .
my fav chat place .
i love use this application but it give me hard time to uninstall every week . why it always can't be use even my internet connection be available . it happen so many time . please fix it then i'll give 5star .
i can't install wechat app pls fix it .
no message can receive , help me pls thx .
my friend tell me that she like this web . and she ask me to find this for me too . and now i try and make an installation for my own .
i love we chat .
kelly eve .
i like .
why i try every thing cannot send red packet .
evwrytime i use people nearby it just load but never come out . why .
the best and help connect you globally .
please update some new emojis .
work far better than i have expect . pleasantly surprise .
the app doesn't recognize my location , even when i set it manually it only show me people in china . i'm not say they aren't good people , tho . but i don't speak chinese .
with new update to android , the audio have stop work . it have be buggy in the past , and now it continue on my asus . decent app with lot of feature , just need to get thing fix for android user .
i love it .
mention above will rate 5 star if walkie talkie be back .
when i turn on the stamen mode on my sony z5 premium . i cannot receive any notification . eventhough i've add the wechat into the whitelist . please improve your app .
step count doesn't work on nexus 5x .
ilove this app .
unable to download image sight .
i've use this app for a while and lately i have the worst problem . i didn't receive notification nor would my message send for two day , i get log out and when i log back in all my chat be lose , when it say i could restore my data , it lag for five minute no matter how many time i exit and wait , every time i send a picture now , it say its expire if i want to see it but yet i can open the one my friend send me , and there's even more that won't fit in this thing .
nice apps .
good apps .
im use sony xperia s . when use this in call or video call . its not much good . reinstall in my xperia z3 . let c how it'll b .
it be so convenient to use .
i be not get notify of new message even though my notification option in setting be turn on . fix this issue to get 5 star .
pls make sight moment for front camera .
great app .
ok can connection with a lot of people that long time never see tqvm i like we chat .
i can't link my facebook account plese fix this problem .
this app be good .
i like to use this app so much better hohoho .
because its so great and i will make it famous .
it's awesome .
easy and user friendly .
great apps . thx .
why my we chat have problem thn i try uninstall thn install back keep load until 27 thn cant move can fix it .
so usefull i love this app . easy to connect with my friend and my love one i love the sticker . also can share voice record and video tnx we chat .
first i let it cht .
love it .
material redesign plz .
can no longer hear speaker phone when make video call . please fix asap .
i like this application .
luv it very much .
great app .
i love it .
i find some one who not break my heart .
not da best whatsapp be da best .
i like it a lot .
give 5 star so you can see my problem . i have more area yet it will not update to my new area . very annoy .
after latest update , ram management be poor . need fix .
very useful program .
my favrouit app be wechat i love this .
jefferson mount .
need tablet support and possible simultaneous login .
good google .
learn how to spell . ur welcome .
very nice app .
it be show my no be invalid . can ne one help .
mrs molly choo .
i dislike it .
the only thing i miss with this app be the ability to assighn different notification sound to individual contact . i would give it 5 star .
fish you man .
so gourgeous apps .
read my sms , contact and more . can't even deny the permission if you be on marshmallow .
it happen that it crash before and i could no longer open it . try reinstall but still it wont work . wait patiently for a solution . be able to reinstall it and im so glad its work better than ever . wouldnt trade it for anything else .
help smoky to freak and move your body because i injurey .
my top phone application .
i love it .
can friendship mngeratkan .
vary good app .
jay cool .
i cant add some of the latest new sticker . plz y we cant add it . y its not available here .
hello , right now i experience a problem while change my cover photo . recently i change my cover photo and then it change back to the photo i use before . and then i try it again and still the same thing happen . for time already . i mean , the photo change back to original a few hour after i change mine . please fix this .
my life be wechat .
i hate this app .
love it .
when i leave an group chat , i use people nearby to find someone on wechat , but when i press send greet , it go to chat but it glitch look like someone say me what but it same as group chat history , what a problem please fix .
nice application .
amaze messenger .
deserve 5 star but only if the file size can be increase for the favorite icon in wechat .
there be too much permission that i really feel unacceptable , include body sensor , telephone and location , which be very disturb . hope wechat team can release a fewer permission of this app . i . e . wechat lite .
always in a good shape .
it be ok but not great .
i like it .
i couldn't receive any message on time when they say they already send , and it also do not notify me when i get a message from my friend .
i like it .
i love it .
be very good .
the best application , but not worldwide . serten thing need to invationalatife .
best thn viber wtsapp .
very good .
very intelligent .
why so long it take me hour wait but still i can't see the login button .
love it .
be happy now . u cauz many people in trouble . 5 star will show my comment . i can't open this app . why . the farq .
seem that my profile pic have a red rectangular shape at the bottom . why be that its certainly not my pic's the problem here .
great site to connect .
have new friend .
btw do a market campaign with my phonebook the jump off work on .
no matter what pic directory on device be select , app show all pic , make it very difficult to select the proper one s to share . fix this please , then more star .
very nice , you don't download . you a very stupid .
nice bug fix .
ugly ui , create a lot of dir at root of sdcard , a lot of anr .
i like it .
i like dis .
i use my account and vpn . which report false alarm to wechat .
please . i cant open the picture . when someone post picture . it just show me grey blank box . its never happen before . even my internet slow , it still show the picture . after update , neither i use quota or wifi its still not show the image . fix it .
i be in an emerg where i couldn't text me family so this really do the job .
be not able to connect with other friend . tell me . what to do .
i can't dwnload this app .
i love wechat .
love it .
it keep on ask to apply storage set when open the app , unable to read or send message .
launch this app can take few minute , gj .
fail to access the pedometer on nexus 6p . please support fingerprint on android marshmallow .
there should b the option of indian chat .
yes its true .
everytime someone's call me my system ui be always close .
like it .
its so fun , its can video call and voice call with frenz btw its also can find new frenz in people nearby damn i love it .
very nice app .
love it perfect .
the best for world .
i've download it on my s60 v3 symbian phone but my registration could'nt go in and so i've try download it on my android to register , i do and then delete as i want to use it on my symbian phone when i try to log in it say that i be log in elsewhere . can you fix it please .
not able to install the app . its show trouble shoot error again and again . hope you guy fix it .
love it .
the only pain be center your profile picture , something so miniscule it doesnt even count .
all good .
very nice app .
clear voice and video call feature . very satisfy .
take alot of time to download . waste time .
love it .
it be always give error or location data . and because of this people nearby be not work .
i love it .
stalk at earth how can i wait for hour before its load .
please use new ui for moment because its too plain look .
since there's no such function of share video and audio file on moment , i find the moment feature super useless . i have no problem with other thing but unless we can share video and audio on moment , i still think it suck and it's useless . let us share video and audio file on moment , please . otherwise , i don't see the point of even have it .
i like that .
wow excelient .
sudden stop . really it's a disgust app .
love it .
best tool to stay connect with friend .
apparently i have to root my nexus 5 if i want to get the easy functionality i have before of use other apps and video call . boo .
unable to unlink mobile and unable to unlink email .
i love it .
whatsapp voice very good quality . please update the voice wechat .
i instal this app but i can't sign up send me my phone varification cord helo .
very nice app for conversation .
it be so awesome .
it's okay but it slow .
why not .
good app .
won't open after the update on galaxy s4 .
good app .
how to change wechat id .
its great .
this be my favorite app . i especially thank to who make this app .
i just want give you suggestion before that i want you know i really love this app even sometimes its not work but sokey still 5star . oh yah i want to tell you a about this , im really like to record my self and post to the moment n show to my friend but sometimes i only can record video on sight and use my back camera its so hard to me to use it and timer on that sight too fast only 13second wht the . but i still like it . so in here i want you update to hve a record video on 15second and so on tyou .
i just get a new phone and now when i try to log in it stay on the please wait screen and will not go anywhere .
love the app .
download be slow .
gaff the shower and i be go to be a little bite of ttyl i'm not go to be a less than perfect credit card debt consolidation loan to be a good night and i'm fin t mobile phone in your turn it off to bed now so u have snap a picture with the time of your life to understand what happen in my room just go for the same reason you can't get it be a picture of you and i know i be just play with her and i'm sure it be a good time for u have to be able via the internet traffic statistic on my way .
i love it because it so cool . we can meet new friend and the world .
it good .
all be well until my shake option stop work .
it's not same as the old wechat if there's not walkie talkie feature .
suddenly your neighbor be all chinese lol . ton of drone account . tsk .
find lot of new friend by use shake option .
so much memory be take . my phone get lag because of it .
very good app .
i hope this be the good app . so i can use everyday . hmp .
love it . the fastest way to connect pple t the world . rly a good version .
easy to use and happy to have it . cheer .
why so slow .
love it .
i cant use this version in my phone and i cant update it .
i like it .
great app .
so cool its such an amaze app when i try it be awesome i soon grow to know how to get myself use to it .
i can chat with my girlfriend .
it's a nice app . easy to use and make me more friend use nearby .
vry nyc app .
very poor update . i try many time but give invalid phone number error . fix it .
it be load slowly .
after update , the sight for moment can't open .
when i open it , it will pop up close . fix it please thank .
why no sound when receive a voice message .
what be call too many operation i cnt log in pls fix it .
get hang . but have to say good material ui .
every time my gf send me msg or video call my phone doesn't have any notification . delay more then 10 minute . pls do something .
love it .
very useful .
why should i chance overlay setting , find other way to make it work on nexus5x .
i love this app so much .
this wechat be good for me to use it .
dont no who . online , off line . stupid .
can't even delete account even write in a couple of time through email . lousy app .
good bt not that good .
get an error code everytime i try to download it .
the best way to communicate with all my friend .
when download new verson wechat i only see a moon . how can i fix it .
very nice but not us .
love all the icon .
i can't recall my message . why i've wait for long to recall it . please fix .
it's free .
love it .
we can chat free without use credit . we can search friend by use people nearby .
i can't stop the nearby it's bother me . fix it .
we chat be best app but only one problem sir why not see any person last see time very problem in chat so pls my request sir new update in last see time show .
want to know more about wechat wallet please feedback to me .
why my wechat can't open .
after the new update i can't even open it . don't update it guy .
no one want to chat some off the people think this be porn site .
so good for use this app .
next update plz fix because very slow .
i dont like to online actually , but when i start play wechat i can't stop myself play on it its wonderful , can connect easily with whole world . but , please muslim , don't forget to solat . we must'nt forget to do it yaa okayy thatsall , goodbye see yah xoxo .
it need to be open first before receive message .
i love it .
very good .
i'd rather use message to message .
use this app everyday and it almost like my another facebook acoount love the sticker . they be so cute .
good app .
reward be full of enjoyment on wechat and its simple and g d to stay together with wechat friend .
amaze app a must have be able to video chat with my family in china be a plus . it's free .
can not share video like whatapp . tire of try upload video many time . back up 100 o of my data file before migrate to new phone , but after migrate , all my previous history could not be find , manually capied also can not , what a stupid app where be my history i do the same with whatapp , it be do without any problem , everything be back to my new phone . so i strongly recommend the rest of my friend change to whatapp bcos i do not see any improvement from wechat at all . shame on you bro .
cant restore my backup chat .
does'nt ring on android lollipop .
i love it .
i love this aps umahhb .
thank , this be pretty efficient .
but why i cannot open sight .
my friend have send me a sex sticker please not allow .
nice app .
very good app .
it's not work at all .
when i want open wechat my phone get hang for 2 6 minute . so fix it .
why so slow .
very good .
love it .
play npw minecraft pe v . 014 . 0 in aptoide now .
great apps .
if possible , want the old feature , can save chat history for temporary at your server . tq .
it work .
i really enjoy it , very useful and easy to use and i like the clarity of the voice message .
please create delete button to delete all past moment . waste my time to delete one by one . tq really appreciate . good job n all the best .
be so bore when be use shake feature always say no result find i will uninstall this application cause its make me mad . i cant use this feature why .
the chat backup option be go , i don't own 2 phone or read chinese . fix it and you will get 5 star from me again .
i like this app .
nice work at least two year after his own life have be involve .
i love it .
one of the popular communication app that be lightweight and no ads compare to the others . wechat be more of a platform than an app .
not bad .
love this app so much finally , i have be have some convo with my crush xd just update this thing and . you'll probably get 5stars everyday .
please . please . please . i can't share a moment update . i can't see other people moment update . 4glte signal but load from 2 day a go . until now .
it be hard to install this app c .
very nice .
the best .
it work but if you could please stop make wechat prevent the activation of stamen mode it would be great .
it be easy to search friend .
why need to use a big space i use galaxy j5 . but still not enough space an can t download . wtf la admin . and my phone always lag when download wc .
love it .
whats kind of junk do this app create and for what purpose as most of them be useless like cache file but wont get clear .
nice app .
reliable , fun , effective and easy to use . love it .
crush . i have send a feedback but im not receive a feedback from admin yet .
hey in these application that talk about sex .
the best application i've be instal . thank wechat .
would have give it 5 star but please make it an option to receive message from the wechat team .
i really love it .
sometime sticker miss by itself .
i get a problem with the sight function it come out blank green after shoot .
wechat be witty and playful but it be also people sensitive . cheer .
be so useful and awesome .
love it .
it's great if u just lower the battery drain a bite .
why cannot use .
what the hect .
i like it .
i like .
hope you all download this app because this app be really best .
not sure wether because of android 4 . 4 . 2 compability but people nearby , shake , voice call , video call , walkie talkie everything crash .
love it .
cause can share anything .
pless fix we on gingerbeen lowend .
it would be more better if we can upload video from gallery on moment . sight be not really useful .
easy to use . no problem at all on lg v10 .
i love it .
i very hate this fool .
wechat want me to rate .
it a great app , i love it .
i think it should be use instead of whatsapp for chat , video call , send sticker , etc .
why transfer medium from we chat to device be that complicate .
very nice app .
lovely app .
. this app can't rotate like others app hlp me asap , tq .
the application can't let me access people when i use the shake process , it just stop right after shake . what could be the problem .
great app .
great apps .
it's amaze and great app i like it very much than whatsapp .
good one .
please fix it because video call not work . i need it please thank more power .
the best .
wish you good luck .
nice app .
wechat can find near by frind . but cant find online or not . can you fix it .
too slow .
chat backup be very much necessary . this backup why you make it so worst and that too don't work .
why it's so slow .
5 star so my comment will on top . launch app take a few minute . dont update .
i couldnt talk to my family for year and this make a dream come true thank you .
i really like it .
wish upload video can be download and save in phone .
the delete button be right next to the translation button which be bad if you make a mistake . and the translation aren't that easy to read a third of the time . it's also be crash since the update . i do like it but it could be amaze . i do love it .
i love it .
when will wechat support fingerprint payment .
hi . have a lot of fun from last 5 month with the app . but now the shake option be not work . solve it please .
great app .
good for instant message , but i have give feedback via email the app . need assistance with some issue , have not receive any feedback after multiple message .
use it every day .
full function social medium app . very good .
very good .
where be the walkie talkie .
i cant store sight in my phone . can u do something my phone alcatel .
i be think it good for me but it not good now . why you know wechat i can't search my friend with his mobile number . i hope you can help me .
i love it because i can get a chat with my friend .
i like this social application so much because it protect my privacy , i like it . but in my opinion it will become more interest if it will notify us when others like and comment our moment , like instagram , facebook , whatsapp and etc . i hope you understand me and i hope wechat will be update soon .
love it .
very good app .
it cannot be open since last 2 update . my tablet be acer iconic 7 with android 4 . 4 . 4 . aren't the latest 2 update compatible with it please figure it out and fix it .
i like the apps but i can't send photo n video with my zenfone 6 . pls fix it asap .
but if i shake no result out fix it fast please .
love it .
i really like it before but now i don't know what be happen . it automatically turn off call after every ten second . i try to upload , un install and update but still . uf it's annoy not like before .
good one .
can't register without a phone number .
hi wechat . this app be very useful and fun to use . but i have an issue with the picture quality in this app . whether i post it , or use it as a cover , the quality of the picture seem to be lower than the original . can you guy please fix this problem thank you btw , just an idea , how about enable double tap to like something because a tab for like and comment be very lame . hope you guy will consider this .
backup not allow . why .
very good app to use .
why i doesn't have a bottle message . i want send a bottle massage to have a new friend . please give me a bottle massage . and i change my rate for this app .
very easy to use . good feature .
dear sir please check the attach document for your email address or unsubscribe from the airport and check in at the moment and then delete the message and its attachment be handle by me back and forth between us and our service in a couple week ago bye .
sometimes be very laggy please fix it make user dislike .
can't wait to try .
i think we chat reward be way to make you a fool .
i want to delete my wechat account ,
you should make share namecard can be on and off , and make wechat cannot receive chat from another people if there not in contact list . i want you to do that , i want my wechat more privacy , because that stuff always bother me . please make it for me .
as of now . i cant upload a sight or a photo . always error . and can i ask if you will update the bank that support wechat payment bank account i dont know . im in philippine and i dont have bank of china .
easy to chat with friend . and beautiful emotion .
nice app .
improve your wechat apps .
how to change my id i want to change it .
its awesome . i love the feature n sticker . we can too explore the ppl around the world by shake . keep it up .
get better by the day .
i love it . best thing be translation option .
good application .
its awesome .
can't seem to download it on my phone it say that it's instal but hour later it's still the same . i use to have a wechat app but then i delete it and when i want to start use it again , it won't download . i'm use asus zenfone c . my internet connection be fine and i still have lot of space on my phone . please fix .
it be pretty cool i'd say .
it be the good ever apps .
why can t downld .
trouble with mi fit syncronization . it show 0 step in wechat but it show step in mi fit . the same with wechat sport zero step .
it's amaze and easy to send message .
plz improve call quality and its video call work on 3g wifi only .
great commuication tool .
there be option to move part of app itself to external storage but app seem to only use internal storage for user content text message , voice chat , picture , video , etc . so at some point i keep get out of internal storage just try to update any app and have to uninstall and reinstall .
very good .
great app realy . nearby friend . and shake and meet the good frind enjoy .
nothing in wechat . nothing new nothing much interest .
try to format my duo . but my wechat dont have backup . why .
please fix it . always say that need to upgrade .
all be you awesome wechat team .
love this app .
this app make easy to contact my friend .
nice app . easy to use .
i can't see any of the picture and emoticon . after the new patch update it become worst . need 5 star please fix it fast .
please fix it so that i can know the contacs be offline or online and please fix it so that i can know that my message have be read or not .
good apps .
always force close after update .
new feature will be if we can see people online or not .
guy i love this app very much , but when i downlode new virson its not open , pls help me i miss wechat too much .
why i can't even log in it always hang pls fix it now .
i want back up chat history feature such a trouble to migrate to other phone or back up to pc .
can't seem to download it on my phone i use to have a wechat app but then i delete it and when i want to start use it again , it won't download . i'm use asus zenfone c . my internet connection be fine and i still have lot of space in my phone . please fix .
love we chat .
its like , i love the sticker n all , but its like too . plain . or like . whenever a msg come in , it will vibrate . its irritate .
i love wechat because i can update my moment to my friend .
please fix i love to use this app but sometimes when i want open this app it force me to take a few minute before i use this app , why i need to wait that earth with a boy it so long i try use any skill to make this okey but it same , anything its same no change or anything alse make some good of me . so please fix it , and try dont change thats thing if thats thing be enough good for us , and try do something if us dont like a new change u have make for us .
all about to die .
can you add last see and read or not read . i can give you five star if you improve it .
swipe down from chat doesn't have sight .
i want this app always make me happy go lucky .
easy to use .
i like it .
love it ,
we use what's up and fb messenger when there be such a great chat voice chat app . feature like qr share contact , real time and current location , funny emoticon , sight small video clip etc be thing the others wish to have . as for skype . everyone know that since ms develop it . its dead .
ergh this apps sometimes make me annoy . but i dunno how to explain . kbye .
i love it .
please add send video that be already at smartphones for moment . also the app be good too .
1 . in this new version , my gif file send turn to static jpeg image . please fix it . 2 . in this new version , i can't block people before i add them . old version be better .
he could play the star game on i steal your play store app download you simple apps you're good .
problem while video call and look around friend request .
awesome app for chat video call .
i would really like it more if you guy can ad an edit option after post a moment . i usually forget to tag people i want to tag . and its just a waste of time to do it all over again . so please , until then , i cant give you a 5 star .
this be very nice social application it work very nicely and voice call be excellent i love it .
help this be so late to load .
so easy .
i like it .
i can't download the sticker and the picture at moment doesn't out , when my friend update moment with picture , the picture doesn't out .
make work with international client a breeze love the translate feature .
i like it .
close by itself after click in instantly , even be restart my phone .
wel let's start off with that it have really good message sequence .
easy and fun .
i try to make a new account and it won't let me . the reason why be that i have to get a new number but i can't do that . plz fix this .
i have sex with my ex .
its good .
this ap can meet a friend .
i like this .
love it .
the title say it all .
i instal this app but i can't sign up send me my phone varification cord .
i use samsung galaxy young and after i update the latest version i cannot open it . it stick at the front page . maybe the version be to high fpr this phone . can you make any phone can use this version .
meet new people everyday for good and bad thing but don't follow the bad .
its the best but why i give 4star only because my phone allways jam maybe about wechat or facebook .
i recommend this app now i get to text all my freinds .
why it take a lot of time to log in even when my internet be in h .
i love this app very much the way one get friend and it be exit to talk to people who be far away from you .
love it .
love it .
i love this apps .
i love it . only onething that i dont like and that be stranger can hack our account use other device .
very good and useful application .
we chat india cheat their customer by not provide award . i'm participate from last one year not even one single draw i win fake promotion i'm uninstalling the app i request all to report the app as inappropriate . bye wechat .
great app .
best app .
man this be awsm .
i type in my mobile number and its keep on repeat invalid number . mean while that's my number .
very good .
line , chat , voice all good but to log in it no good . whay my account always promblem to login .
the app very good too me .
i connect with my best friend use this app . so far , so good .
can you connect to clash of clan like facebook , i think wechat can be more good from facebook if it connect to coc .
probs with password too complicate on wechat .
i can make a call n video call from this apps . thank a lot .
long time not use wechat , now i try log in .
i love this app .
this be shet it always need my phone number and i put it in . but then it say its in valid the creator of this be peices of shet that be bitch and son of bitch this be a really shetty app don't get it .
when i open it . he kick me out . i use asus padfone7 . please fix it .
love it .
nice apps .
good app for me to connect with my friend but there be always room for improvement .
1 . shake app cannot function well cannot find people on area and show it by list 2 . cannot get exactly people distance .
please make this app more lightweight . it waste a lot of memory .
wechat be a wonderful communication .
use too much space . others ok .
i love this apps .
i can't use this app currently , please solve it .
sometimes my friend didn't receive my voice message in the group chat .
it be download very slow that's why .
its nothing have problem its look like iphone haha .
ilove this app but , fix add account for those have 2 or 3 account .
my account .
love it .
amazin app . i even prefer it more than whatsapp n other apps .
can tell anyone whatsapp be more enough then this .
must uninstall n download again .
please add search friend thru fb , twitter , ig , etc . feature .
love it .
love it .
cant use vocie message , its very important , pls fix it thank .
the block and report feature be a waste of time doesn't work .
very useful .
need improvement at the perfomance especially when want to open it . it take a lot of time until appear chat menu .
i like it .
i realy love it .
i have problem on chat in wechat . when i chat with someone who i add . it will be okay . then after a while it will tell that chat be restrict or other name not accept my request . then if i msg them after 1 hour then will be okay but not for long . i have this problem very frequent .
i love this app .
i love this because i can chat with my friend in china .
ok but i still hate it because i cannot see my friend last see .
it's very good application .
i want see my friend online and last see .
shake be not responce .
love it .
fastest way to get lay .
hate the update since it make us not be able to see the header status easily .
good app .
plzz add last see fiture . when u add this fiture i'll give u 5 star .
should make the money exchange more international and friendly . and of course english translation in addition to chinese .
i have my setting to ring or vibrate every time there's a messgae . but it never seem to do that , so i have to ooe up wechat to constantly check if i get message . annoy .
not bad .
not go to purchase a new phone just to use this app .
no one can beat wechat . the best thing be moment privacy .
the app be good but its the people . i get this app to contact my friend and family but there be so many guy girl be stupid and rude , send pornography . this be not a date , meet up and f app . c'mon , please . there be child use this app . be mature and stop those unessesary thing .
i cannot log in my account wechat . their load log in its too long .
easy to use .
the app icon doesn't appear on my home screen . please help me asap .
need a delete account button . and i can't unlink phone number .
great apps .
no option to delete your account and the support team be dead .
can't load if you don't allow the location for it .
i can chat with my friend .
love this app .
unable to download full image . very bad .
if you don't know , wechat be the most important wall garden platform since facebook and google . however , the wallet feature seem to be miss on android .
thank wechat 4 make my life as colorful as rainbow get to know more friend out there .
i enjoy to use wechat .
i want to re install it but why it say its not compatible to this version . please help .
wonderful app .
good app .
more feature and simple to use .
but it work fine when on wifi .
this app work great , but there be one problem half the app be in chinese , the chinese version of this app be weixin , could we have the english version in pure english .
i just wish there's a version to see whose online .
wechat very special for me and i enjoy .
no bug so far . cool interface .
a great way to communicacate .
great application .
love it easy to communicate .
after i update software the pull down recorder be go . please fix .
i love this app so much .
can't mention friend at group chat .
nothing to complain .
i have relative in china who use this to keep in touch . save on phone bill and great feature .
its a really very usable app .
sometime i cant to receive massage then i need to uninstall n install again . its my phone problem or what it so trouble for me . pls help me to solve this problem . thank you .
just nice .
disable chat log migration be a very bad update . i want to reformat my handphone . what i do to backup my chat if i don have another device to transfer .
download problem it show an error while download . what the hell be this .
nice app .
you should reduce space of this app .
i enjoy it . location aint always accurate but its cool .
we'll good enought .
not bad .
if you're travel to china , this can be use for free message and call back to us . this be one of the few apps not block in china .
i like use we chat because its easy to use . but i kinda hate the security where we have to organize our friend to enter .
i like this wechat .
i cant download it for my samsung tab10 . 1 . not even in galaxy app or play market . solve it as soon as possible thank you .
good voice and video call .
when i sign up its keep say too many operation . try again later .
just ok .
i wish they could improve the video call quality somehow but other that a great app .
nice app .
love it .
good app so far .
need more emoji . like whatsapp . not sticker . sticker be so much . please add a new emoji like whasapp . btw ilove this app .
unable to download photo that people have send and also the photo that i have send .
this app be quite marvellous but it will be fantastic if we could see random ppl at the moment . if not all the post maybe their like comment on our friend post . this will sure be helpful for us to contact our old friend that most probably hv long lose contact on each other . by this way we can add them . it be also difficult for us to just search them especially when they be not in our contact list well ppl nowadays like to put their nickname instead of real name that make other ppl cant detect them .
better than that be not sure if you have to see .
i would love it more if it allow two wechat id log in at the same time .
without wechat i die for sure .
very effective communication .
owesome la wechat .
how to use this .
after update to the current latest version it hang and lag big time while multitasking switch in and out of wechat . definately bug somewhere . wasnt like this before update .
love it .
my wechat stick at a guy with a moon . i cant log in for long time .
one who change the 100m to 1billion should be award a gift . and then post it on social medium . p .
cant be download have 4g also .
only show a small block in the middle of the screen .
suddenly can't accept any reply .
not bad ti us this app .
can you explain to me what's the mean when we get this unable to add you have be block by the other user . please reply to me . i really need to know .
supperb app to meet with new friend .
i can vedio call , y father even i use 3g network .
does'nt ring on android phone .
why i can't open it in my phone .
y be it that whenever i place video call its a voice call and with the new update some more feature stop work .
hopefully wechat make a small wechatlite for small space consum .
ease of use , lot of option .
can't update with my asus zenfone 6 . after i intsall the old version , then i try to updte it , but it say your device isn't compatible with this version . please fix it . i would rate 5star if you fix it .
coz of all the cute emoji make it more joyful plus moment .
when people send greet and they're not in your contact list , there be no option to block them . this very bad there be those who send bad and abusive message but when you click on the profile the 3 dot will only show set remark and tag . this be stupid and useless give people the option to block non contact especially those annoy one who keep send unwanted message i like the app but this feature be irritate since you remove the option to block unwanted non contact .
i love it .
good app .
free , easy and quite good , my prefer chat app .
easy to find new friend . useful for voice and video call . instal this app since 2 or 3 year .
my sticker all of them be miss and dissapeared .
easy to use .
i like it but i hate those pervert that send stupid msg .
i'm use my tablet and when want open it i can't .
this app be really good it never glitch so i don't know what the others be talk about in fact wecht be one my favorite apps the only thing i don't like be that you can't tell if the person your talk to have read your text please change and i will rate we chat 5 star .
love it .
only give 5 star if voice call and video call be clear .
wechat tencent .
i really love it .
almost all my friend use this .
so bad .
love it .
love it .
i like this app .
why my phone galaxy young cannot display this app pless fix this prob .
good new version but always better than old version .
some more can be improve . like can integrate broadcast function .
good but can not backup history chat in this latest version . old version can backup history chat .
nice app .
i will give it 5 star if the thing not take up a lot of space .
really easy to use it .
please i want to change my id wechat . please do like coc or what else . please do the change id .
i really like this .
i think that we chat would be better if you could see when someone read your message , not just when they be type . there should also be more customization , we should be aloud to change how we see the chat .
really you have to sign up .
it also stick at moon . many time i uninstall and install it's still stick at moon . can you fix it .
hi dear . can i say something . hahah . can we chat like messenger . douple pop up . can minimize . pliz update 4 double pop up sir .
crash sometimes .
why i less the two system on my wechat .
love it .
please add more feature to block stranger user from people nearby just like the older version . sometimes it can be annoy thank .
hello . do you guy remove the option to add contact via qq . i bring the star down because i've email support and get no reply after a week and a half where be the option to add via qq , like before .
i can't login my acc at another phone .
begin to be like facebook , cost much storage although already move to sd card .
nice apps .
i've lose many of my contact list . so disgust . please fix it .
kinda useless no idea why people use it .
amaze app .
continue for make it great .
like i say with ovoo fine now stop ask me question .
my account be take and since i've change phone i can't get it back . it's ridiculous that someone would even hack my account .
great app .
i love this app .
love it .
store everything on the internal sd card . please allow storage on external sd card . please .
it be easy to use and it amaze .
the notification sound be soo annoy uncomfort , irksome , dretfull , terrible , irritate . and stop work tym to tym and hang .
love this .
use it to keep in touch with friend overseas .
not bad .
just search . without result .
better than what's app love all the function . people near by be great option .
its ok but sometimes some picture cant load .
i really like this app . it have a lot of function that you just can't find on other apps , and the emojis be hilarious the only problem , though , be that wechat never notify me when i have a new message . other than that , it's great .
work great .
i think it can be fun if you upgrade it like chat with lover .
please fix it for me . too much buggy .
good app .
good apps chat .
how could i restore . pls help its an important chat .
i love the app , i just do understand how i'm suppose to use or get sticker .
be very nice thank for that .
despite enter my number correctly numerous time , no verification sms or call come through .
so hard to find the option to send red packet . have to go out to your account then wallet then red packet then select money then send to group . can't it just be ready click the plus sign then have it pop up there why do complicate that you have to go out to your account set profile page then go into wallet and stuff . too many step take age to work it .
i've have this number for age apparently it's invalid uninstalling .
very good app .
felt good n very convenience to use .
sight with front camera please .
we chat be only one application which be always with you whherever you be . never let to be alone . love it .
i like this app .
this be a disgust .
improve your apps . your line connection for example . thank you .
nice app .
after my migration to another device check chat be in , re login and find data lose . chat history go on new device . data migration very unreliable and unrecoverable .
but . my wechat have a problem .
very light and nice app . thank .
always pop out because of no respond , pls fix it .
before i can send red pocket , now i cant . it ask me to put my bank detail in when i already have money in the wechat wallet .
i hate this app .
i cant download this apps .
i can't send sight , it's not work .
but i want more awesomeness in future .
love it .
cant use vocie message , its very important , pls fix it thank .
very good app .
verry slow and slow .
after the new update . i can't access my wechat and it keep on crash . if others out there plan to update it . pls don't .
pretty good .
why we chat version 6 . 3 . 13 only can send 1 picture only per send compare with previous version it make difficult to me because we always send a few picture for job update . fyi actually we use we chat as our official medium for communication job update . thank .
can u make a strict for the bottle chat i keep get stupid message from horny man . i hope we can choose set to receive racy chat or not .
nice to connect to friend .
it be asome .
nice app .
great app . we love it very much .
my wechat crash and i lose all my message then i cant retrieve them . how to fix .
why it keep on say not respond .
like it but you need to have an actual number to be able to use wechat .
love the app but i can't update the new version my friend be have , can u help me out .
great app for chat .
can't recall message also no option for voice and video call in this version on sony xperia z1 .
great app .
when i install 100 then say can't install . why .
i wonder why i can't use voice use this app be u guy try to fool me damn it please fix it now .
but just wonder be there the red pocket function in this english version of wechat .
i can't open my wechat because have password but i can't remember it . i hope this application can be repair and l hope no need to put password to trouble other people not strong memory .
you get to see people face to face .
i use it for family and clash of clan game .
the wallet and red packet function be miss .
very good .
very good .
it be awsome .
so far , everything seem great .
i love it .
i love it .
please add a way to disable wechat out . cannot download any single sticker . still can't login with qq . app . close unexpected and slow response and freeze unexpected .
i hope u can add edit button so that user can edit their post when they make their mistake .
love it right you guy download it .
but if i suppose want to unregistered my 1st account and make new one fresh so what will i do .
can't get voice message to work when it work before and i still don't get notification periodically , result in my friend message me and think that i ignore them when i never receive a notification in the first place .
when i receive call the voice be very terrible please fix it .
whenevere wechat have a new update . it keep make my phone laggy and often wechat crash . please fix this .
my name be derrick .
love it .
i cannot find out my wallet in app . please help .
we chat best time pass .
still visible in nearby after clear the location . very poor .
i enjoy this app .
where be the live chat opstion . i can't find it . please help me .
i'm not chinese .
very convenient .
why wechat keep tell me that i haven't install this app . i need to install again and again . please fix if as soon as possible .
love the video conferencing love the of apps as well as contact great application video chat be cool only wish you could attach file to this then i will be perfect .
good but should have enough data .
latest version but still can't saw the new image from my friend , please solve it .
my phone when connect with wifi , be totally can't send voice msg , please fix it .
totally great .
shake never pick up sa people . whats wrong .
very good .
thank for add the wallet feature .
i like .
i have buy lenovo a396 , but i can't install this app . it can bring virus to my phone . but i can install it when i use samsung galaxy s6 .
like suddenly i cant open my wechat , ergh really disappoint .
seriously need to look over the post i find million of prostitution scam so far .
it would be better to show if the person have read the msg , and it show read , like line or watapp . look forward for the improvement , thank .
suddenly today , i can't see any image in moment and profile picture . chat also cannot . please fix asap .
hope it will spread out the world , just great .
love it .
why can't we in usa have all the cute sticker like other people in other country it's so unfair .
can't see moment and many problem .
i love it .
great chat app .
please help . i can't download or send image to my friend on wechat . please fix this .
fantastic app . love the video feature . would be better if the video last about 20 second . can't find wallet anymore .
i love the app . i install ot again after format my phone . then when i wanna open it , it always say wechat doesnt respond . every time . make me couldnt send chat to anyone . hope u can fix this .
i love this app because it safe to share our photo to our friend .
why the app can't be download .
it be so cool use dis app .
hey wechat team i guess i have to close the account due to my privacy . i've email for many time , and no reply for that email . the service that you serve for me be good enough . i appreciate it . i hope my account will deactivate asap .
it good .
nice ap .
we live in iran this app no work . its filter by dictator goverment .
the best wing man app you can find .
for some reason after new at update will not open and just crash .
tnx we chat .
be samsung y valid to use this app .
my wechat acc log out automaticly without notice . when my friend find me that think i jist ignore them . it make me feel so annoy .
i cant download it with new update .
the sight be to short . can wechat company make it longer , so that the sight might be clear and perfect , tq .
awesome app .
nice play wechat and happy .
yep i say it .
please have an option where you can download and save voice msg on your fone , not just favorite it on wechat . also , please remove the prompt msg tone whenever you have unstable connection because it's annoy .
in new version the call option be nt show for my mbl contact .
it help me to connect people around the world effectly and at a less cost .
it be eat so much memory space in the phone .
nice app .
i have to reset my phone now it's ask me to verify it with my old phone number that i don't have and i can't put my new phone because it ask me to put my old phone number and i can't do anything to put my new number help .
faster la fix .
please add automatic translation so incoming message will be automatically translate and also the interface still need to be improve .
cannot hear the voice when my friend make them sight .
not worth it .
some pervert contact my daughter and wouldn't leave her alone . send her many pornographic video completely horrible image for my daughter to be see his profile name be capri total jerk beware .
i like it .
this app can't install to my smsung quattro . error cod 24 .
why cant i upload picture anymore please fix it asap .
my wechat account .
nice app but always show the same people for week . please refresh it so that i can see new people .
just use it .
sir not play my song wechat i send song friend not play .
hope this be very use full .
i couldn't find people nearby and friend radar option here . reply soon plz .
visit datingtoday101 dot com for what you be look for . this one be a total waste of time and a scam nutrition and price possible . now put an element of chocolate . in dapibus mauris massa , bibendum turpis cursus quis a . enim sed rhoncus , accord to the wise , the greatest of life tincidunt augue quis . in nisi erat , auctor ut rutrum et , congue vel odio . aliquam mauris mi , aliquet imperdiet mattis quis , lacus fringilla not . now pellentesque eu ipsum eu aliquet . vestibulum congue lorem cursus tincidunt magna at . donec tristique , hendrerit sollicitudin felis quis , augue velit elementum tortor , quis nisl id varius dolor eros . in order for member nisl massa , vitae gravida libero posuere id . aliquam ipsum nulla , now at ultricies nec , auctor tincidunt magna . in tristique nibh ac risus ultricies , in ultricies nisi consequat . but antioxidant pregnant deductible . cras consectetur , consectetur cursus libero vitae , faucibus nulla risus , hendrerit dictum augue purus we have take from . but the pain of son , now of life , the author of eu , venenatis a beatles song . praesent congue eleifend velit , in the member of my lord . phasellus vestibulum bed , but the price of the author . phasellus vestibulum bed , but the price of the author . aliquam mauris mi , aliquet mattis .
superb app .
my acc wont load properly , maybe bug or whatever i dunno , i hope you can fix it . my id palitommy . thank in advance .
please resolve this problem . whenever i get any of frnd request my phone gonna stop respond .
actually need personal contact . in particular , the mainland , about gun and butcher app and further push back , especially in the advertise circle of friend , there no payment user advertise follow by yourselves delete or black , you do not know . the other be we use google play , you push the software inside your tencent game . we do not have to pay advertise cost serious violation of individual human right .
my wechat account have prblm ryte now . i can't log in , the wechat ask me to wait 24 hour coz i log in limit . for now i just can give 3 star . please fix it .
hope be a new version to us .
i use to log . in use my facebook account , but now it didn't work . im so dissapointed .
voice and video call don't work in my huawei mate s . after few second a popup tell me the app crash .
why i can't install it .
just bring upp .
i just download it now i can't open my account .
i hope you can add some feature on it . that account can be deactivate and activate .
i have update to the new vision dy .
happy with it .
appal picture .
it be convenient and addictive . it's also private in the way that in moment you can't see comment of anyone other than your contact list .
no comment .
i use phone samsung y neo . when i log out my account , and i log in my friend account . after log out my friend account i find that my friend account cannot change with my account . help me please .
bestnye wechat .
love the most .
i be try to migrate my wechat history from xiomi mi3 to one plus x phone . but every time i read the qr code which lead me to the url with 404 page not find error . plz guide me , i really need all my old chat .
v . nyc .
new varsion .
its not fetch friend . when i shake .
i have wifi and the picture still freeze and get blurry . i love this app but need some work . have hard time to see wife in singapore . it stress me out .
e knnot st .
crap thing .
its cool .
slowly . hmm .
wechat ini membolehkan call and sms friend .
intensify wechat version 3 .
very good .
nice app .
it be very easy to use .
so bad .
this good .
nice aap .
application be very nice , sophisticate and best .
i always talk to my friend in china use this app , thank god for wechat .
chat with friend .
how can i log on i have already id don't allow me .
crash after recent update .
the worse part here , i can't upload image , sticker and i can't see what my friend have post . lose patient for ask to fix this problem .
the latest update be nice but why havent they fix the moment long tap to post button . just add a new button next to it . new people use the app wont be as confuse .
we be on wechat .
well , i recommend you to add a button for send video , animation picture i don't what people call them . they be video that be save as a picture . it will be better .
lol love it so much .
i download it and freak .
after update to the latest version my arabic note in the favorite go from right side to the leave , so sad .
very nice service .
easy to use .
one off the great n nice chat web .
can't use after update . why don't it be not test properly .
i like . this application be so good .
we chat be instal but not open .
the girl be hot .
y cant i download it .
good application .
after instal when i try login it stick too long .
its good but not best . video call be not clear too bore . i cant see that who be online and who be offline .
i'm get the error no result find . please try again inspite of my gps be on .
awesome app i luv it .
very good n easy to use .
i shake 10 time and no one accept my request . they just fool . us .
don't believe anyone fraud world .
love it .
no paste from clipboard support .
i like it loud .
every time i minimize the video call , my system ui crash , how come .
i like it .
actually ia nice to use but sometimes quick slow or get a wrong friend .
love it .
i cant see the sight and image . all i can see just blank ractangle . please fix it .
dripada lumanyun v .
have problm really hate it .
so good . love ot .
i recently buy an asus zenpad c , but it doesn't allow me to store sight , it take too long for sight to process . uninstalling and reinstall it many time already but the problem be still there . hope you guy fix this .
when will update list of bank to withdraw . do add malaysian bank choice . all oversea bank china most of them .
its good and easy to use it its real usefull .
you take a lot of space and kill the ram seriously .
can't enter money amount after the mosr recent update on my samsung phone .
i can't find neaby option on my phone .
new version doesn't have the simple backup and restore function , replace with something that doesn't work .
sy loyal only awk .
its great .
find new friend .
i like to wechat .
i just love it .
this app be freak super duper anak itik .
i love it .
my wallet be somehow stick in rmb but i want to receive hkd as i live in hk .
very card , open a message have to wait a long time . otherwise they suddenly disconnect , do not use .
its nice i like it .
please add send audio file and video file . we would love to use it if yo add them .
i love we chat .
i want to delete it but cannot i have new account .
why be i not a red envelope function if i give five star .
it's use my gps even though location setting be disable . that's a bite creepy and its kill my battery .
thk hi h .
when i open wechat . its not open . please fix it .
the only thing i dun like be need to download big volume of file .
awesome thank .
just luv this app 2 bit .
azrul5231zz gamilcom .
stay humble .
great app , best chat app .
easy communication .
the exchange be another sticker . another must when dowload version she swap . now i do not want the first sticker .
great app .
come on , just a chat app occupy run memory up to 240m i remember that day i run window xp with 64m ram , the whole os wtd you do , cost me 240m ram .
there be .
this be one of the best message app you can get out there . most of my friend be use this and it kind of link us together with the moment wall thingy .
why canot instal .
thank wechat .
i even don't use we chat but someone leak out my number in wechat room . now call and msg be disturb me .
it's so annoy everytime i open it's show wechat isn't respond please fix the bug .
i think that we chat would be better if you could see when someone read your message , not just when they be type . there should also be more customization , we should be aloud to change how we see the chat .
danielruth tsu .
can be .
download it .
would be a 5 star if the app wouldnt tell me that im from china , automatic locate say so , but im actually from europe .
thank for your support . i want use wechat
whenever a new msg come in , it will hover over on top a few second . i know there be a way to disable this , but i hope this hover over notification go away when i be touch anywhere on the screen without disable this notification . possible .
unfortunately , wechat have stop .
love it .
save time and cost .
i can't find people near by the future be not there any more . so please you people should try and do something about that .
slow and not really fun .
when look for people nearby it show me people from china and i live in europe , serbia .
i agree easy to usei .
since i use this i love it the voice be so clear thumb up .
it good .
it's relly an amaze app to connect all the people , espically our love one . and also easy to use but few day ago , i couldn't make any sight from my mobile so , would be greatfull if i can know the problem to fix it .
love it .
this one lack feature make this app mile behind others . you can't even log on to multiple device easily .
no matter what i try , i can't get my image n the camera the right way around . anyone else have this problem .
can u make that msg for information about already be see or what ever to help me that person get online not its hard to know that he him have receive the msg or not or be see or not plz add this function to make easily for user .
after update it refuse to open again now my chat history and file be lose .
it doesn't detect my location . still break .
this the way to connect with my friend . get new phone . thank .
too gud .
nice app .
i love it because i can communicate my friend easily .
i just love this app thanx .
why when i go and scroll moment , it do not respond and will be ask if i want to wait or close it by force . this always happen . even i have update it for many time . please fix it .
why cannot upload the video . hope can fix the bug .
like it .
it be a very great app in voice message , voice call also . i want to rate it 0 now problem with voice call and history backup also . now there be no option for history backup . please make it better like before .
great app . its useful to me .
my partner flirt other men . and i hate that .
i could not install this app . tell me why .
nice bug fix .
easy to use talk see to love one on line .
good varity of function room for improvment will firward the idea later .
add more option to backup chat to sd card like whatsaap .
nice app .
worth it .
as above , waste batt ram .
i create a group after my phone be reset . message to the group , send and receive do not appear in moment . it's like one to one chat . prior to reset my phone the message to a group always appear in moment . now it's only blank and just the date . how can i solve this help me please .
its say invalid phone number please help me out .
very good .
it would be helpful to learn chinese . thank .
where be know more option .
an innovative method of stay in touch with all your contact wherever they be .
it be a good app .
redesign the look for wechat . please .
hey . wechat be just amaze apps in the world . but how can i backup n restore wechat conversation history . plz give me a way . thank alot .
i like this .
can chat people .
i think just a chat only , and then when i be use this application , i'm so surprise .
we chat india cheat their customer by not provide award . fake promotion .
love it .
voice call awesome .
be give us an android style gui that difficult why do i still have to look at this ugly ios one .
have to have cell number to sign in . i dont have a cell phone so its impossable for me to use this app . this isnt fair to those of us without cell phone . house number dont work because of the confermation text . would email not suffice . this app be useless because of this .
update with v . 6 . 3 . 13 . 64 on lollipop . wechat be actually way much better than whatsapp , especially in term of privacy issue and relatively more stable . unfortunately , their market team couldn't promote wechat better somehow .
love it .
once i love it , but many time unable to get msg n call . and my msg be also not send .
like this app ever .
nice app , but this newer version always ask for update . i instal it 2 day ago and have update it 3 time till now and still its ask for update . after 2 to 3 hour of update , it ask to update again . it will be better if you solve and fix this problem .
very poor don't install this rubbish aap . do not work properly and when i be send message it not send . take so much time to run very poor . frnds its true . i install again but this problem be not solve .
please add a way to disable wechat out . cannot download any single sticker . still can't login with qq . app . close unexpected and be cause problem .
when i be use the shake option it be show some people which i believe dont even exist . i think these be bot .
how can i check my balance on for coupon .
chat around the world and enjoy .
love it .
yeah . i'm use wechat .
flaw 1 . coerce to obtain phone call permission 2 . play notification medium even though the device be in priority mode . make me embarrass during the meet .
i'm nt gtin ny option to check the point i'm accumulate . its happen from last day . plz help me to find the way to fix the problem .
easy to use .
like it .
the wechat out feature be not free anymore . now you have to pay just to call locally .
nice app .
be it possible to update the app to see friend's last see time online .
after upgrade to the new version wechat crash for my samsuang .
do u have to have wifi to use .
love it .
i love this .
go to the planet screen and then immediately back to home screen , not load the app . this only happen after the latest update . please fix .
location once per 100 time .
can not put number in the amount field .
y be it that whenever i place video call its a voice call .
the best .
anyone even use this crap .
add online and offline status under contact and delivery status also . in contact there should be only add contact and remove or place in set like new friend , save group , wechat team , tag . ram consumption should be less in background . u didn't work on that so uninstalling .
more fun than bore whatsapp . its good for vid chat etc it have translation feature for chinese u can create your own sticker .
picture from moment didn't come out , please help me .
most of the message be not show see or the person whom we be chat with show type in very few case . get a solution of it please .
i like it .
what happen not see , my account why .
it's awesome app . but anybody online can't know . and why can't call even higher data net aavailable .
good quality .
awesome cant be better .
i have just send email to the developer about removal account , how do it take to process . will be i inform that the account have already be remove . anybody reply .
i can't download storage low i have 500 mbs but still can't download . please reply .
sometimes wechat be lag . but its ok . if you can . please fix it .
i don't get any notification when someone knock . i can only read their message when i send something . please fix this .
i didnt get nearby plz fix my problem otherwise i have to delete this .
plz improve this apps . where wifi no have so how use wechat apps plz update and include modile data use system . make a call by mobile data connection .
keep it up . love all the emoticon hihi .
hope there be more vday sticker .
coz its always retrieve your acc .
i love it .
love it .
i like it but file us slow and big .
it's unreasonable for user to give their location or phone book for request safety . even force them to give , you have go too far . why be you so urge for the private information to show to the great firewall of china hmm . i'm afraid that the situation only take place in mainland china .
it cannot be open since last 2 update . my tablet be acer iconic 7 with android 4 . 4 . 4 . aren't the latest 2 update compatible with it please figure it out and fix it .
bring out more cutest emotion or sticker like whatsapp .
it will be much better if there's an option to edit the post in moment . load be get slow after update . pls fix this . tq .
meet new friend and easy to use .
why can't open photo on moment .
good program .
can't slight on chat .
very good .
but please help me . sometimes when i have any chat , it miss immediately how please fix it out . the others be good please add some theme so that wechat user interest of it thankyou .
latest version have a improve for speed and save battery resource and this very best social medium and more secure than facebook .
change the smile face . make them like whatsapp or telegram please . add image crop option and last see and msg show .
good for voice , chat . bad for online not show , deliver and see not clearly .
it's already 2016 and still no material design . and the app be still not optimize . sight feature be way to basic . no flash or maybe hold to record and pause when release , or even crop able before post .
love it .
love it .
best app easy to use .
love it .
i be unable to click on know more option because it be no where available .
everytime i press on resend verification sms i never receive it .
great app .
love it .
translation option be grate .
why no more backup history sistem in wechat why just backup to computer fix it please . i want backup sistem like old version as fast as possible .
new update same can't use people nearby , can't shake and can't search location .
it's be down for a while , now fix . thank guy . hope it will never crash again .
okey be good .
can't sign up with a wifi number . i only have wifi on my phone so can't use this app since i don't have a carrier number .
crash after this stupid upgrade , more like a downgrade .
the new function call photo for red envelop i hat it .
i really find wechat nice .
the best .
this be awesome .
can't we delete people instead of block them i wish there be a delete button .
for the damn need red pocket to see moment function although i pay a lot already but i can't use this function totally unfair .
we chat be vip .
love it so much .
how to delet my account from wechat .
pls fix it , this app be not compatible with asus zen 6 .
how stupid can this thing be that we can't delete an old account give the delete option then it'll be worth give more than 1 star .
in this i be not able to find online or not last see message date time so that peoply be misuse , not at all user friendly , no happy use this .
but when i travel other city then people not come in shake only come chinese people don't no why otherwise it's wow .
crazy almost one week and it still force close .
wechat be a good communication to all of us to send important or for time .
i hate it when i change text size then i can't change it back i want to change from large text size to standard text size .
when i wanna open it and lag and not respond please solve this problem .
everything be good . it perfectly work properly by its ability . in my oppinion , one thing could make wechat get better be read status . when we send a message read status will show us whether people read our message or not . this will make wechat get more powerful and interest . thank you for your listen and support .
i can't change my wechat id even though teach by wechat team set my account wechat id but it doesn't work .
after update it be always stop by itself it so worst please fix it or i'm gonna to uninstall .
i want to change my profile photo please help last time it be work now it not upload my photo why .
exit when open the app . please check the issue .
hi wechat team , please help me , i forget my account and i cant use phone number to recover my password because i dont have that number anymore . and i dont link it to email or qq . please help me sir my id be anderaemo .
great app .
once i try to download the image which i have share before its show unable to download the image . please help me to recover those image .
love it .
why dont you just include the activity log , like active now or active 1hour ago . i think this could be useful . and also see status .
very this wechat .
chat log migration don't work under latest version .
everything be fine .
unable to download full image .
i cant hear any sound through my friend's sight .
great app . cant ask anymore . 5 star if it stop from crash which cannot be fix . no amount of feedback help . 5 star if this be correct . the new update give problem .
the best app for uninterupted voice call n voice chat . vid call be just at par . only prblm be dat it doesn't show the online status .
best way to communicate with friend and co worker .
great app .
the best apps .
it's not work good this time .
i like it very much .
why can't restore our chat history in wechat all those delete chat history can't restore back .
not see offline and online friend .
be not get shake bottle option help me .
i love .
love it .
easy to use .
this app be get slower .
i can't share a shotscreen in google on tap . and it always start another process when i share something , eg , link or text , in other apps .
i like wechat .
i like it .
cannot receive wechat call nor msg until after i make a call or send a msg to activate its receive function .
veronsky perera .
love it .
so good .
thank you so much , this apps make me better to communicate my friend .
when i try to call to my laptop or mobile , suddenly it stop please help .
cannot upload or receive picture anymore . my memory still have big space leave . gai na benda tok . buang masa jak download . t . t .
to whom .
i will not see like this app which be always hang mal function .
to much sexy girl on it .
seep my battery . ugly design . so many weird guy use this . and so bore .
dumbest thng evs .
love you too baby .
most people who use app re pervert .
i absolutely love we chat i love the sticker they be hilarious and adorable though i miss the walkie talkie feature on individual chat it would be great to bring it back .
so bad .
i like .
the new version steal all contact .
please make sure people can place international call on the android base version of wechat just like that functionality provide on the ios version in canada too . there be increase number of wechat user locate in canada .
well , good .
for me and all .
my we chat be not connect . always error . no result find try again . can u pls solve this issue it's not yet clear .
i can't install back after i uninstall wechat . it write your device isn't compatible this version
very nice app .
love it .
this app isn't work for me . so frustrate . shouldn't be this difficult . i put a password , doesn't acknowledge it .
easy to chat .
its just fun .
very talented and excite and this application . i perhaps in the long term must be upgrade your application .
wechat isn't respond , can't open and use . after many time uninstalled , instal and clear data , wechat still isn't respond , always stick at load , can't open wechat . please fix this problem immediately . thank .
it be work well before but now when i text someone it's go so late in 3g network and sometimes msg send fail and wechat say report network error in notification after report it's again say report network error .
i'm get late reply from my chat . please fix this problem .
we chat .
cant login after reinstall this apps .
can't even send sms after update . please fix the bug .
please fix location kineme you . d work nearby kinempar eh . pota .
but over stop what could be the problem .
try lng .
no account deactivation .
free nc .
when share a link with my contact , it dosn't open the link directly , but instead it will convert the content of the link from a wechat server , this make the share very slow and fail very often , wechat try to control everything you do . and this app be very slow on moto g 3g .
user friendly application .
sometime i don't receive any notification . after i open the app , i get a message but it be a hour ago .
so good .
we chat .
i can't update my wechat my storage still have 2gb but i can't update . disappoint .
no comment .
why i can't see nearby friend's option do wechat remove such kind of option the one it be 2 year before .
all people use this app have bad experience they mention in their comment so why install an app which be not work with its full feature if we have update apps like skype . whatsap imo and much more . support team should work on it . then i ll try it .
good day ever .
hi friend , i'm use wechat .
i have a mobile and a tablet , but i can only use this app on one of them at sametime . please add tablet mode like ipad version . thx .
i can't transfer any money out from my account without have a china bank account .
it be so famous i can call from kansa it so famous .
good for communication .
could do my online school test .
why wechat new update cannot play music at moment use qqmusic .
people nearby option be not show in my app .
my camera be very dark in term of video call . please fix i've be sacrifice for so long .
why i can't call wechat out .
awesome app .
uselesa app .
all number which i tap it say invalid number .
when i open the wechat , within 3s it will close itself . how to fix it .
it will give us the best app .
it's a good experience of vedio call but freeze between vedio call irritate a little .
this apps be good , but i hope you will add a delete account feature thank .
picture expire z .
still can't use this app fix this quickly please .
really world best chat i like it .
i love it . it so easy to do the voice call , to share our moment and ell .
hat it .
the same as instant message , telegram do not need permission to call . after the authority to set up do not have permission to turn off the application which actually will automatically exit . kidnap user . thank you , to make answer , but i still feel this way dissatisfy with this check . can limit the function , what automatically exit count micro channel be still terrible performance on nexus 5x , for example , can not use the handset to listen to the voice message . switch input method fail cause huaping .
why can not kid's download wechat while i clean all that be not important .
why no more allow to upload chat history to cloud , it be more trouble by use the computer to backup , hope the function backup chat history by use own phone back .
good concept .
while talk on voice call loudspeaker get on automatically and the call get minimize in the status bar .
can't open after the latest update .
the heart .
so useful .
great app .
overall great ui , great performance but sometimes the app couldn't receive the message , im only able to receive once i open the app , please fix it .
please read this , i've be stick with wechat last year update on my phone and everytime i try to update to the newer version , it just show me a picture of the earth . nothing happen at all i really love wechat a lot , i hope you can fix this .
its only compatible with some device . for mine , it's work perfectly .
what nonsense be it i be unable to even sign up . my nexus 5 keep say screen overlay eror .
great app .
it use a big space on my phone storage .
my nexus5x open another app very quickly , smoothly , but the micro channel card when it open a few second that be , card , picture a few second after the emergence of the earth , do not know why . bat be the only one micro channel software on my phone , and i hope to do better .
after my device upgrade android from lollipop to marshmallow , my wechat can't see moment , share photo or moment , can't make voice note , why very disturb me and my work .
sex people be in their .
i can't download the app . it say error code 24 help .
cannot open the app . after uninstalled , it be not allow to install .
this app suck .
very usefull .
it good .
i literally can't find anyone to talk to .
sy suke ni . tp hrp adopt in upgrade lg . cntohnye sign up can use email kli no font je ni .
love it .
say yes to me a few day to deal with the problem have to be three week , there be no news , this be the customer service attitude .
very good .
when will wechat support fingerprinter in wallet when shall we get md .
it's nice app .
a happy store .
stick on moon startup .
shut the hell up .
it's the best .
some thing good .
its good , but after update i can't open tag people in moment .
from the comment below i guess this will be a very good app .
i dont get it . inspite of 100 million user no one shake their device when i shake . it always show no result find .
i just give all apps 5stars because i download .
even after instal , it do not work .
fast and efficient .
can't download wechat .
decide to give another go . this time i can register . have a look and find it not to my like . then i disappoint at that i cannot delete my account . so remain 1 star .
moment can't be edit , i cannot correctly the moment mistake .
i don't know why this happen but if this a bug . this app always active all the time , can't be hibernate , please fix because its take alot of ram .
error 497 .
my group lose after update . why i hope you fix this problem .
why my wechat didn't have wallet i already find my wechat still didn't have wallet . pls tell me , thank .
i update my wechat and i lose all my chat history and my moment . and i cant get into it again . everytime i want to use it but i cant because it keep stick and lag . and keep load . its be 5 day i cant use it . please help me . i need my wechat back .
better than imo .
this thing eat ram like there no tomorrow . make my phone crawl .
how to backup my message .
need to work on the connection for video chat though .
why my account be close and unable to log in i try to uninstall then install again but its same really disappoint . please help me .
hepls get in touch with family .
start your engine .
other phone have wechat out samsung note 8 . 0 don't have wechat out please fix it .
hoop good . job .
it be excellent .
keep on crash nonstop .
wechat isn't respond , can't open and use .
why when i make video call the person will not see me .
can t sign up .
after the update all of the chat history be go , i have follow the instruction but there be no recover chat history button . i've use the other method use the computer but unsucessful too .
thank for make us essay to talk with everyone all around the world .
why the code be not come to my sms .
i love this app so much . i should share with my family and friend .
haven't you get a better way to verify other than friend photo .
why u change it i hate it very much , pleasee change it back to the old version , i really do .
cannot instal , troubleshoot .
this be stupid if you register your account outside of mainland china , then a lot of sticker be unavailable to you .
why cant i recall my message i cant find the recall button .
great app good way to stay in touch with all my friend overseas .
unable to share and read moment after update .
it's awesome . my range in social medium have be reach by this app .
but why no back up of conversation . also the online and last see plus at what time a person have read a message . i'll give 5 star if you implement this .
its okay .
love it .
i very hat it .
thank you but i be able to retrieve my password before your reply . 4 star be okay for now .
crash all the time . it would stop , and i cant even touch any button on the screen . then there would be wechat be not respond .
can wechat team have the troubleshoot procedure . i can see the pic send from friend just right after my friend send to me . but after a few day later , all the pic become unable to download black screen . i view the previous standard tip from wechat tencent , it didn't work at all . pls help . thank .
good . but not enough pls add last see . that will be great .
application keep auto close after i send picture or video . very bad on my asus zenfone 2 .
unfonately system ui have stop . pls . resolve this issue . thankz .
i receive my friend reply always late like 10 15 min before i receive them . please fix this its annoy .
i regret tat i update cant backup convention , and location cant find . pls give back my old version wechat .
it's not just chat , more than a chat so use it like it friend .
this app be great until this latest update . it use an unsual amount of battery compare to its last version . this recent version use about 9 while the previous version only take around 3 for a day .
i love it .
good app for me to connect with my friend but there be always room for improvement .
its easy to chat have a voice call n video call .
i have search one id at midnight but suddenly when i want to search again it say user doesnt exist .
how to up date new version .
i ed it and it work so great .
too bad . after the update i cant listen back the song by my network line . must be connect wifi only could be listen up .
it be great .
best application ever . simply amaze .
you will love it .
after i install this again , all chat and all that i already save be lose . everything . why it can happen before i unistall wechat , i already log out my account . but why it can lose too it make me so and soo sad please give back all to me . why it should be happen . why . the another apps , if we log out and install it again . it s nothing lose . but why wechat like this . i love wechat very much . but why this can happen . please fix it . thank you .
after latest update , all my friend can't see my moment .
very nice .
i be unable to start the app 6 . 3 . 9 . 65 on my tablet android 4 . 4 . 2 . please help .
this app use too much battery life on galaxy s 6 i have 2 phone and want to keep sign all of them .
whenever i be open the wechat , my mobile data or wifi connection can't work and even i can upload or load my wechat moment . and even if the app be run in background i cant use internet .
bring back sight shortcut on homepage .
but i dont know why there be no like whatts app .
i like it .
nice app .
yeah , i have personal reason to love this particular app .
my we chat be not connect . always error . no result find try again . can u pls solve this issue .
so much more better than whatsapp .
excellent app .
plz make a button that can delete all old post in moment with just one tap . why you need to make it so difficult with delete it one by one . plz plzz make it easier .
i have 2wechat account , one have the wechat out feature , but the other doesn't . why the app be on one phone .
why isnt wechat end to end encrypt .
consume too much power when run in background . hope future update can resolve this problem .
only use this app for get vip .
its most best app , but the apps for download be so slow .
nice app .
my wechat acc log out automaticly without notice . when my friend find me that think i jist ignore them . it make me feel so annoy .
every time stick at unable to find location data .
i can not find walkie talkie this version . please prove it .
it be so interest but it always make my phone go crazy .
why cant download .
we chat .
upgrade it some new function .
in my mobile i don't have near by search . this be samsung galaxy a3 .
nobody shake , nobody nearby , nobody at all .
simple secure fast way of organise life link to my friend .
very nice .
like it .
ihated wechat .
noone use this aap so be bore .
love it .
how to change ur username .
i love this so much .
you should chack out line function it so easy .
wechat isn't respond , can't open and use .
there be no option in my we chat app to search near by friend . or social i cant search near by . pls solve this problem .
good im client , high quality voice and video call and the social network be decent . but the real meat of this app be reveal when you use it in china with a chinese sim card . then you get access to wechat wallet which be the best thing about this app . top up your phone , buy good in store , pay utility bill , there's very little that this app can't do and i'm extremely impress with it .
let see how its work .
nice chat app .
what's wrong with this app . i cannot see any single picture that my fren have be post . i can't see it at all . it's kind of annoy . i've be trust this app for a long time . and now please fix it asap .
never success for open wechat after the latest update today , don't know whats wrong .
the moment issue be fix . only wechat be lag .
no have option to chat back up i lose my all chat .
why inst not work in my phone i hope you reply .
enjoy chat with friend .
good app .
after update , i cant open my wechat . always back to homescreen . pls help me .
wechat the best .
good alternative to facebook messenger in my opinion . don't like how when on voice call and you go to another app , every two second it send a notification that tell to go back to the call . i suggest fix soon please .
i like it .
amaze and incredible application with people chat i have ever see like this application before .
search in my contact show blank contact if only type a few keywords .
i shouldn't update , i cant see my own and my friend moment . disappoint please fix it . i love this app so much , but this happen now everything turn black . i need my moment back . please .
i can know my friend more deep .
i be not receive any chat and moment update anymore . same problem for the last 2 day .
video chat be buggy on nexus 5 , 6 . 0 .
message receive after more than 12 hour . what happen this be 1st time i encounter .
i have not even start the game and it be take for ever .
great to have chat backup back .
my wechat be not work , plz fix it .
i need to sucbrebe .
after update , cannot move to sd card , aslo cannot view my friend photo , and such much thing more fix its .
very convenience , i love to use it .
after a recent update the wechat app doesn't work on my phone anymore i've try uninstalling and reinstall . nothing work .
my front camera be very dark when im on video call .
it's first time iam use .
it's not that bad but my experience with wechat be cool but sometimes wtf be go on hahahaha still great tho .
great app , ideally we can save into sd memory , please .
the f nearby be not work . fix your system .
hello . actually my wife have forget his wechat account password . and i need your help . how can i get his wechat back any information just send at my email . btw , we love wechat very much .
lol omg .
i think we be go to really chat .
good to use wechat apk .
after log out . then i update . i cannot login back .
cannot shake , cannot search location , cannot people nearby . please update this problem .
now i speak the recipient can't hear me .
what's wrong with the update , after i update wechat , there's no photo , i cant open moment , my contact's not display the profil picture always say that i have no memory card , i be confuse . i have my memory card in my phone and it work . just wechat that can not run properly , pokoknya gitu deh .
cant open app , crash everytime i open .
when i open it . i have to wait and it automatic out . really disappoint . please fix it .
can't switch ac after reinstall an wechat app in same phone . i can't access my old ac help it out wechat team . otherwise its waste of access ur application .
love it .
i have backup chat's data before reset my mobile . after reset and reinstall wechat , i didn't find the function of chat's restore . please help . urgent .
too many operation . try again later . pls help me fix this problem . thank u .
v good .
i like your application .
this be easy to use and very helpful .
i like this application .
why i cant see picture in my moment and also all my friend cover photo . why .
my wechat update itself today , and after the recent update it get up to the load screen and then close itself . i have try restart my phone , clear cache , clear data , uninstall , and reinstall , but problem still persist . i be still unable to go past the blue load page before the app shut itself down .
wechat be only good social apps .
no more shake and people nearby on my note3 .
people nearby be an annoy part as people use incorrect gender icon . search option should broaden on people nearby to include guy look for girl , girl look for guy , guy look for guy and girl look for girl . it wpuld save many allot of frustration .
i have want to online status .
i like this app . because it have many quality .
even after change , when re open the app , avatar become like before .
the record be 7 . 5 gb of talk precious space on my note . and it's hard to manage the space if one have several tencenet apps as they be kinda integrate share some folder have to delete junk weekly just to stay sane .
i love this .
cannot share see or upload any of the picture . cannot check any picture of my friend also . this problem be since 18th jan 2016 . please solve this issue .
wechat have be my primary social app . for some reason sight stop work all of a sudden and now i can't capture and share sight i can't find support on this . help .
the latest update stop invoke capture an insight by drag down on the chat tab .
always get error unfortunately , wechat have stop . cannot run it on my android tablet .
wow nice job .
couldn't receive any message , please fix it .
fast and easy to use app . thank you .
i can't download the app . it say error code 24 help .
i love the old version .
groovy rueben .
recently this app have be horrible at get my message through . i have to actually open up the app for the message to come in . have miss multiple important message and it be infuriate me .
good apps .
you be here .
finally get it work after 4 try and it tell me i have an unofficial version download from google so that make no sense . let's see if it kick me out again .
cnt i say something this aps p so best .
be use for year . all of a sudden i cant even open the app and keep on crash it keep show it stop work i cant access to backup my chat and i be force to reformat my phone . even after reformatting and reinstall back it show the same thing all my chat record go .
you be log in via unofficial version of wechat .
waste app . unable to load my location data . and i be not get any support .
love it .
wechat update of 6 . 3 . 9 . doesn't work . it crash on the screen and than be disappear . they better have another update come soon .
add online and offline status under contact and delivery status also . in contact there should be only add contact and remove or place in set like new friend , save group , wechat team , tag . ram consumption should be less in background .
no online or offline status for contact . call other person be like shoot in dark u dont know whether he be online or not .
wechat out trail be best but i do nt get free wechat out on new version .
when i open up the moment , it kick out . please fix this . thank you .
y r tu h to see if you can u .
great app .
it be a good app this app show me a lot of people from all over the country .
we chat be all about make new friend but after few day it become full of chinese people .
olive it .
cannot log in . say i be log in use an unofficial wechat what's that suppose to mean . follow instruction to unlock my account but it say my phone no . do not exist when wechat just send a verification code to my phone what be happen help .
update with v . 6 . 39 . 65 on lollipop . wechat be actually much better than whatsapp , especially in term of privacy issue and relatively more stable . unfortunately , their market team couldn't promote wechat better somehow .
hi wechat i'm not sure whether sir madam will read this comment but i recommend that the quality of sight please be clear like record video , this sight when come to zoom in still can't focus the image and blur . so please fix this problem . thank so much .
bank card not function .
it have a lot .
wow . its good for the comunication .
condition be good .
i figure out your wechat application make my phone google play service have stop . please fix it .
i have backup my chat history before i reset my phone . when i download wechat i cant restore back my chat history . i be so frustrate there be some important thing for me pls reply me asap it's urgent .
just update and now when i want to open , it's say wechat have stop .
but we still dunno , the message deliver or not lol .
clear voice and video call , nice sticker for text message , very user friendly .
especially click into people nearby . can't even scroll up n down . hang immediately when at the page of people nearby . can't view new greet n people . pls fix .
if we have one more feature call video call it we will awsome and doesn't have any difference in old version and latest version .
nice app .
love it .
i like .
it hang everytime i download it . then becuz of this app , my phone be lag too .
popular , and very useful also .
why be it not respond after i update .
always force close and back to homescreen fix this please .
why cannot change wechat id .
it help me a lot .
i couldn't open it , yet i can't reinstall it . what's wrong , where or when be the update .
if you lazy to get up go out and make friend this be for you .
i've install my wechat . then when i open the apps . its only show me the start moon . i hope you can help me with it .
need seamless integration with tablet .
it's true .
after update i can't even open my wechat . it always turn to home .
after update i get my wechat can't open , always get back to homescreen . sad .
the last time i complain about force close and inability to run the app on my tablet and it be fix by an another update , now , history repeat itself . after i update , same case as i previously complain , force close and inability to run the app . please fix . thank you .
why i can't see all my contact profile picture , official account picture and those profile thumbnail . it's just blank white .
please make sure people can place international call on the android base version of wechat just like that functionality provide on the ios version . i be wonder do you guy think android be inferior to ios .
so good .
my phone be lenovo a60 , i always face the problem wechat no response and need stop , i already try update , uuninstall and download again , but same the problem happen . hope your team can settle this problem .
since update this morning , there be now a permanent wechat icon at the top of the screen where app notification appear , make me think i always have unread message . it just say wechat be run i don't need or want this in the notification bar . please get rid of it , it's extremely annoy and distract . only message notification should be there , not an icon tell you the app be run . no other message apps do this , please fix it .
help i can't open my wechat this morning after last night update . whenever i try to open it just close and go back to home screen someone pls help me . don't tell me to uninstall them because i have lot of important chat log .
i cannot use it . please help i live with wechat everyday . i be cry .
this thing be crap and poop .
how can i enable the wallet function it never show whatever language i switch to .
after install cannot open it will pop up back to the front screen .
this app be very good to chat with others .
once when i want save a picture from wechat to phone it will be crash . please fix it .
after a long while not use can't open this app .
help me please my account be suspend and i not understand help me please friend .
it doesn't work after update android 4 . 4 . 2 . and 6 . 3 . 9 again .
the best chat app ive use .
its remarkable app .
yes i like it . why 4 star because i can't change my wechat id . help me fix that and i will give you 5 star . thank you .
i like it .
unable to discover people .
whats wrong can open .
it's where i store all my pen up emotion .
i be not hear anything when call .
not bad .
i use it and it work out just fine .
always prefer wechat rather than the other apps always take sight to share joy with among friend and family .
suggest we able to listen to audio message we receive them even though play audio from phone . this be handy when we be drive . it's funny when we reply via voice but no way to listen to the reply .
it's easy to chat with friend .
after i download this app , it stick at man stand infront the world . how i want to log in if i can't find the log in form it stick at that man . i dont know how to solve this problem .
if the app cn add feature like see in fb when the msg be see . u get what i mean right . then u will get 5 star from me .
voice can't use when i use voice my fon be lag and hang .
its very usefull . gteat n easy .
very handy to connect to people .
after install and update latest version , voice message cant send . now only can use type . sight also cant use and send .
can't delete open a new account from same number .
i can't see photo video post by my friend after the latest update . very sad .
not compatible with asus zenfone 5 , pls fix it .
can you please update your system some of us can download .
love it since 4 yrs ago .
please fix .
wechat be witty and playful but it be also people sensitive . cheer .
after the update i cant even take a shoot of sight , please fix it .
if would be butter be all the photo can store in sd card .
love it .
i can contact my friend without charge . so flexible apps .
can't even open the app now , after the latest update . crash everytime at the moon page . restart my phone no help . what have you do .
i love it .
easiest way n fastest .
i still cant access wechat even after download the app .
way better than fb or whatsapp line the feature like wallet function and money transfer , and gif playback .
before i update it , it be all normal then i update it cuz i think i would improve performance , now i cant even see chat notification , and when i open the app it would suddenly flood me with the chat .
performance be too bad .
after update , unable view photo in my moment and friend moment . in addition , unable view photo that send by friend . thank you .
all these guy want be a woman to show herself to them n get ride of you refuse .
could have be good but . heavy app .
amaze app keep it up .
i fill my id password . but it show that server fail . but when i try to another phone . its sign in as per normal . help .
the latest update stop capture an insight from the conversation window .
after update my wechat get really slow . please fix .
i cannot open this app in smsung y .
good app .
please reduce wakeups and wake lock in the next release . currently there be far too many of them . besides , in app broswer share on moment be break .
no notification appear on call and msg . it will appear only when u open wechat .
why people can't see me in people nearby since two day ago i have try to uninstall and reinstall . can help me to solve it as soon as possible .
please make it push notification like whatsapp so it don't use allot of ram .
keep tell me that i have a bad version and my account need to be recover . smh . i'm also not able to link to my facebook account , which be present as a login option unavailable currently or bs similar to that .
i update my wechat to the latest version haven't update in a while , now i can't save photo from my chat the select screen . how do you save photo from chat now i can only save photo when i go into each photo one by one . before i use to be able to select all the photo i want to download , then click the download button . now the download button be go . if there's a way to save photo from chat select screen , i will change my review to 5star .
whenever i shake my mobile it show , no result find , try again . please fix this .
i have already update to lastest version but when i click transfer nothing happen .
will give 5 if let know whether a person be online or not .
i love this app . it just stop work on my samsung s4 after the recent update it just flicker on for 2 second then auto shut . still love this app though but hope for another update soon to fix this problem .
i cant send my messangers to my friend and even load a new moment . even my data on and wi fi activate i try to solve this problem cant be do . please do something . or i'll rat more star . thank you .
i find a bug , that my tablet video call always invert upside down , please fix this problem as soon as possible , suggest your apps add a button on video call invert upside down .
it really suck after update . notification prblm . plz fix this quickly .
can download this app cb .
i switch off my phone then reopen it n find wechat can not open , don't know why .
need to be transferable to sd card on android 6 .
great apps .
cannot to be download for asus zenfone 6 .
this be best but what's up be the best .
i lose all my old chat . i prefer previous version to save all chat . why now difficult .
good work for use .
i have suggest idea be follow up by support and in response to the reply and excellent service and that it's a great and still improve app . 5 star .
nice apps .
always cannot log in .
love it .
i sign up but this be really bad app . once you sign up , the wechat app developer will not answer any of my question . you can't hide certain info from the public view . plus , i try to delete my account , and now i can't delete the account . way to go wechat . now i know why , people be on here complain about the app . once you sign up , you can't remove yourself from the app . terrible app .
it's unbelievable content share use wechat be not allow without any indication . really disappoint cannot believe this be how a company like tecent run its business .
automatically ban me every time i try to use it . never be able to send a single message .
how do you remove wechat out do not need or want wechat out . please add a way to disable this feature . new update be still cause error . cannot download any single sticker . still can't login with qq .
v good i love we chatt a8 .
why be it i cant download the we chat .
i cannot log in my account . it just say log in but no result . any solution .
last see at feature should be add like available in all other chat application .
provide online and last see feature . you have not add this feature .
good app .
the last update be crash all the time . it doesn't even open up once . please fix this soon .
it's nice work .
good app , but can be better if can save a copy of the chat history via email . now , it be worse than before , you can only send chat to another phone and can no longer temp save in cloud to retrieve . should keep thing simple .
like it .
why i cant get back my old acc use my old phone number . when i sign in use old number it become new acc . how to get my old acc back but i didnt set my wechat id formy acc isit possible tu recover my old account by retrived password cause i dont rememer the password also . please respond .
very good .
nice app .
probably the only application which be not able to read my location data .
it stop work finally in my tablet . very sad .
i have try so many time try to sign up for an account but i never get a call or text message for the code to finish the registration .
wechat be unable to locate my position . but other softweres be workig perfectly . what's problem with wechat . im use it in the tab glaxy tab 4 .
do not know google play version be an unofficial one . try to sign in for a million time , be block all the time . my phone number be not available could't understand at all .
the video call function fail most of the time .
why i dont have the wallet in my wechat be it my system problem .
great app . cant ask anymore . 5 star if it stop from crash which cannot be fix . no amount of feedback help . 5 star if this be correct .
i think its better to put see sign there because you never know if that person saw your text or not yet . i keep wonder if that person saw my text or not . that will great if you can do that . thank you .
moment can't be edit , i cannot correct the moment mistake .
i think wechat must add more emoji .
i've be have problem with my account for about a week . sky wechat stick at load on open page . i think i would have to abandon this account and get a new one if i ever want to use wechat again . then , i leave feedback with detail of my issue and my account info , they fix it i'm very impress . thank you .
chinese invention be always fake .
but now it have become slow and unresponsive . app keep crash time to move on .
video call get glitchy . also its slow compare to other sns apps . pls fix it soon .
i love this app .
please make it like whatsapp . it have see for the message that we have send . then it have last see too it can give we know the people or anonymous have on or off the wechat . hope you get this comment and make more improvement .
unable to close the app .
i cant download wechat on android4 . 6or not .
after i update , it keep stop work and i cant even open the apps . please fix the problem asap . thank you .
after reset my phone and instal back wechat . i can't login . what the problem with wechat . huhuhu .
i love wechat . i have be use the application for over four month and its easy to use and have an easy to understand interface .
great app with android wear . need read see notification and it will be 5 star .
after update wechat , then it's stop what do that mean .
love it good quality .
why after i scroll my moment i click the picture it turn to the top . please fix it .
it hang every time i open it cant use it .
but the thing i cannot connect call for my friend or family i hope you can do better then this .
hi team . as i download this app but when i search near by option it's no where there so how can i search people from my side just reply me asap or i will uninstall the app .
its a good app .
after i update wechat i can't view some of my friend post image or sight at moment seem the image crash turn to black . please kindly fix this problem .
love it .
i update it and say it have music stream but not . fkng liar .
very good specialy in china .
we chat .
its say wechat be stop . pls fix this . latest update 19 01 2016 .
still lag in one plus two . always crash within one minute open wechat . second problem be no way to backup the history like how whatsapp be do .
the best sosial app for all .
voice be not audible during video call with window phone . plz fix it .
after upgrade to the latest version , wechat freeze when i try to attach image to chat conversation , and also freeze when i try to navigate to a link that a friend have share in moment . these feature work perfectly previously . please fix this .
why i be not able to use shake function on my samsung j1ace . whn i use shake , it doesnot work at all . fix it plzz .
video picture chat its very excellent but why u allow member to use sex explicits porn as their profile . we use personal number to sign up i wish it could be clean block those people who make it dirty . i even always report this thing i have see but i always recieve responce as my report be inconvinient . so isnt allow to display porn sex scam as profile thank yuo .
not much different after update . stil the same .
hope we can change the user id .
why there be difference between samsung note 5 and note 4 .
i want to sign up . bt they didnt send me the verification code . i try 5 time for tht code . yet they didnt send me the code . i try phone call verication too . tht didnt work as well . u want more user or not fix it .
wow i love wechat super .
ok but give 1 more chance to chance id its very important to me .
nice application .
not bad .
i always receive some pornographic sticker , and everytime i report to your team , but the answer be the same not insufficient detail , it make me feel very angry and disappoint please create a deactivate function for user who doesn't want to use this app anymore .
always hang , ve to install again , now cannot install stop at 88 when install .
but when can you make it for the frontcam as well .
100million download and app say use by half billion lol .
application crash since last update . please resolve it .
better then previous but worst part that it take too much space .
cool stuff .
im put my number , but its show invalid number kindly update your mobile number system for bahrain .
im use asus memopad 7 . please fix .
nyc app .
what the heck happen its really frustrate .
great app and fun to use .
the app be great for what it do . however the cloud backup be no longer available . they ask me to backup to pc , but i can never login to my pc . it say it nable to login . how do i backup my chat if i have to reset my phone also it would be nice to be able to post our own video to moment or reply to a moment with a picture or short video .
i love wechat , i use it everyday . it be fairly easy to use .
update crash , cant shake , cant people nearby . hm .
the best .
battery drain when idle .
don't why i not able to download . be try all night long and till not able too .
nice . and good .
good app .
if that .
it get to a really high percentage then it stop .
i like this .
add by a friend say i cant call coz we be not friend .
it's good if wechat user have an option to deactivate old account . i would have give this review 5 star .
why i can't find voice message wechat on my laptop .
its awesome .
full of scammer , guy who only want money from you , don't download it .
this be an excellent app for stay in touch send sticker , little text note and make free video call , and i use it every day . however , on my motorola pure edition phone , enormous internal storage be use up by the daily message , little video , etc . recently my phone , which have only 16 gb of internal storage , as well as a separate 60 gb sd card , keep inform me that my internal storage be almost full , and the phone might not work properly i'd move all my photo to the sd card , and i suspect wechat be cause the problem , but i couldn't find a way to delete its data . then i download the file manager app from asus , and be able to locate two file folder that be leave behind by tencent wechat's developer even after i'd uninstalled the app , and so i delete those , and suddenly three gb of internal storage be release in the phone's internal memory then i reinstall wechat . so tencent , please provide a simple and efficient way to clear out the build up data so that the phone's internal memory doesn't get completely fill after a few month or week of use .
send to desktop homescreen option be go .
can never connect a call , image share work half of the time , can't rotate photo , can't delete unwanted memory .
good social app but not best then hike .
nice app .
its really good . i can't do group chat on my phone . this be perfect .
i can't sync and view my friend latest moment . what wrong with it .
so annoy to backup chat history must connect to pc .
nice to use . like sticker chat .
always miss chat . need to be better with run in the background . don't like this app . not dependable at all . i don't get why people use this .
cant start after upgrade to latest version date 18th jan 2016 .
thank you .
please fix it . right now only the back camera can be use to take a sight .
come here bcs of joox .
love it .
soul and faith .
why my wechat suddenly can't use then i try to install back , also cannot install .
love it .
would be better if you could inform when a message be receive .
this application be superb . i wish we could the othet world as well . not all application be this good .
sorry my bad i can download it now .
wechat all message be enter in phone and memory card that cause to mobile will become soon hang . please remove that system and make as like facebook messenger system .
recent update cause gingerbread os fail to open this app , fix this fast and stop update already , its perfect for now .
show us who be online .
the custom sticker won't load plz fix this ty . without the sticker i can't chat .
very useful app so great and very good .
love it .
how 2 blok people i think old vrsion be moore nice pls .
no one need my email , location , just to use add texting app . to much personal info give . boycott this nonsense from these greedy data collector .
that awesome .
very useful app .
i be plead you to allow us to have more customise sticker 150 be just not enough hehe .
user interface be easy to use and the shake feature come in handy when bore .
after update , all the photo that my friend and family send in chat go , can't open and file corrupt . even though the photo which i save in phone also file corrupt then the icon cant go through very smooth too .
plz give an option to find people from specific location like delhi , ahmadabad , chennai , mumbai , amritsar , bangalore , baroda etc .
like the lucky money function the most .
the messenger cant be send at all . even my moment cant review also . i dont know how it happen . i try my data and also wi if but it still cant work it out . please fix it as soon as possible . thank .
fix asap .
unable to connect to people nearby and unable to post . i love we chat . please help .
best app ever .
wechat be instal in my phone but i cant open it .
i love it very usefull app without cost call available .
how funny that wechat still lag even though i'm use note 5 .
i love it . it so easy to do the voice call and ell .
good app .
it truly be great .
they have inform long back that they will include deactivate function when i contact them . but till now no action have be take to add a deactivate account link .
can u make a lite version of wechat this app be so big for my lg magna's internal memory .
great program . thank a lot . it's the best application can use .
love it .
a super hungry for memory space app and be grow . stupid idea on port over to next phone via wifi where usually the old phone be already trade in . whatsapp be better .
good one .
why my wechat can't send voice message for now i have to give 1 star only . please fix it .
i love the variety of animate sticker but the voice call isn't that good yet . hope that be fix soon .
unlike as whatsapp , wechat don't display the name of the owner admin of the group chat . i'm have this difficulty to search the actual admin , especially when the admin be inactive and the group chat have a large group of member . i'm really hop for this upgrade . tq .
stream song for wechat be qq music , weibo , kkbox , joox and ttpod .
after update can't make video call . please fix .
block and hangout her phone's who reshare me follow and online data .
frequently display app stop work on my phone . reinstall again again but still same problem .
really do like .
i like this app .
can't log in for some reason evan tho i know my password .
when i use shake function it show no result find no matter how many time i try plz check and reply and the transilator sometimes doesn't work .
but sometimes i can't send my voice , we chat tencent please reply me .
so easy to use and the camera it so clear .
my moment cannot refresh . i have to restart my smartphone to refresh my moment timeline . fix this .
so awesome .
best ever .
please fix it search people nearly be not show .
how to delete my old moment please add that set on wechat .
but plenty of room for more improvement to be the best therein .
i have register so many application with my phone number but when i fill my number in text box , by click on button sign up say this phone number be invalid what shall i do .
i keep try everything , my location service be on and i still can't view people nearby . it say my location can't be determine even when all of my other apps use location perfectly . my gps , wifi and data be all enable . i'm use a samsung galaxy s5 will update when problem be solve .
it's so awesome i really love it .
i love it .
it's ok because o meet friend and not because this guy call me .
like it .
how can i change the word .
after re instal it always showas that people nearby be not find . plz fix the problem .
gotta admit the voice note be the best . please add feature to select multiple group and clear select group chat at once .
wechat be unable to locate my position . but other softweres be workig perfectly . what's problem with wechat .
use many others , this be still the best .
can easy find friend in this app .
can you please update and create a new function to clear all the moment post of the user . it's difficult to delete one by one actually . hope can have this function in next update . thank you .
update to the latest version . complain cannot connect to the server . can send weichat message , but cannot receive . any solution or any way to restore to old version .
can't add , send and download receive picture . also , the nearby feat be not work . say official account service unavailable .
just love the way it connect me to someone on the other part of the world .
lot of other apps wid much more information and interest thing .
after instal back wechat cannot open .
please add this to setting . i want this option . an option to disable square icon when call . it's so irritate to see the time of the call . i be do other thing . i be use android 5 . 0 . please fix this problem asap .
need . speach . to . text , for . call .
have login a few day but then it auto logout and now can't login , i've use verify hp , and a lot method even through reinstall and account recovery . it state that the account wasn't ban but protect issue ask around but no one know what happen , i didn't even touch the set and such . why i key in the sms verify code also keep fail . be it a bug or hack issue .
this app be great to meet new people but lack see and read option . please introduce this option .
wechat free download .
now wechat cannot capture pic .
love it .
good one .
my asus zenfone 4 can't install this apps .
i can't open the app after update to the new version . and i've no idea when can i use this app again .
gud app .
wow awesome app .
when i update it , i cannot use the wechat and the message not send but my wifi be okay .
overcrowd and its security feature be just cause problem . now i'm lock out my account and the unfreeze procedure just doesn't work .
how can i delete my old account can i open my new account without my phone number .
be really good while on the s4 , however not so great on tge s6 edge . notification's don't always come through .
m . a . jakaria .
best application .
where be the walkie talkie function im not see this feature again after update . please fix it .
video call voice be not go .
cant find new friend .
its good .
why can not kid's download wechat while i clean all that be not important .
most recent message be not show on chat screen . i also don't get notification sometimes . in app vibrate notification also stop work for a while now . please fix the bug .
wechat just automatically uninstalled and cannot be instal . lose support .
why can't i exit i press back but nothing happen . and what's wrong with the annoy sight thing . please remove it .
i love this app .
why i can't backup the chat anymore can you help me to solution this problem .
great app .
don't know if it's because of update , but earlier this week i get server access failure 1 , 500 try everything , can't receive message . i reinstall , clear cache . everything but still won't work . when i sign in it get stick at load 9 . what be wrong i even try it on my tablet , same thing .
it be not show the moment . gr .
this app be useless i malean why doese it take a lot of space and it always log when i be take to my mom 3 .
why must i let a im to access location and photo and file if i don't , it even don't let usr it .
why sight will show when chat and cant force close when want out . pls fix it . long time already . after update wechat . very difficult to use after latest update .
i like it .
an easy and effective mean of chat and make voice and video call .
people send nude photo and want some s be kind .
hey there . i've receive a pocket money from a friend . but i don't have wallet to view my balance . can i know why .
im give four star because the chat log migration feature can use a serious improvement . it should be a matter of connect two phone and transfer data , why do it have to upload to the internet and then download again through a wifi network i think i could bypass this by simply connect my two phone to a router without internet access , but no luck , there have to be internet access . it can be better .
hello we chat developer . can help me change my we chat id . i really must to change it .
hi team i be not able to find a result when shake . it show no result find .
my only concern be that it could use a google login for the people that don't have facebook .
but please i beg you please enable us to post gif on moment . i get load of funny gif here .
government spy app . cross firewall without ask . like viber . it can access all your personal detail and go straight through firewall . user beware . do not use this app .
there be no option to send audio file .
can not receive message when app not run . please solve this .
i like use wechat . but when i will update new version not open it . so i be very upsate . so plz update old version i be use it . or latest version support my this divice phn .
how can we see last see online of friend in wechat .
please fix this problem .
this version need location permission , or the app can not be launch . please do not tell me to give the permission . it's totally unreasonable . i just want to chat with my friend who live in china mainland . they have to use wechat .
idiot . can't download it .
can you plz fix wallpaper for background and for profile picture i can't make it rotate .
why the fuk cant i drift a bottle .
sometimes no notification alert or delay on show alert . no sound on play voice msg .
its good app but cant see that friend be online or not , it should be last see function in this app . bcz user get bore bcz of wait for friend msg . people be use this app for meet new people but for long time relationship thay exchange number and use whatsapp . so its my suggestion update this app by last see and fast simple chat . thank you .
nice app .
how to i restore my chat history . the new version doesn't even work .
not able to load message after instal . all contact be go .
love it .
nice app .
i cant unlink switch my phone number .
why i cant log in my wechat and he always say the network not available . but im use instagram n whatssapp it just fine .
you get to chat with a whole lotta people .
please do greentick after there be read message . because there be cannot lie anymore .
its not work , always not respond .
hello . i love wechat so much . but it doesn't give me a chance to deactivate or delete my account . i want to delete my account because of privacy problem . so , please enable this feature for the next update . thank you .
i cant get new message alert and also can add the contact to my desktop .
i like it .
i can't find my new friend by use discover option . it's still say unable to load your location data even though i switch on gps .
cant use after update . why i want my wechat backk .
i be not able to find friend nearby , even though my gps be on ,
easy to use app but a lot of dirty pic when you use the shake option . not suitable for kid .
i can't download it . why i can't download it stupid app . i delete all my game and apps but i can't dowload it . it be so crazy . i beg you please fix it so that i can download it i really need this app . better you fix it for me now .
nice and clean .
love it .
id like to see when somebody have red the message .
i only use it for chat and the size be too big for my phone memory . please make the lite version just like line .
no indicator if the receiver have already see or read the message .
nice aplication .
let us disable pop up notification in android lollipop . add a read , so we know when a friend have see our message . if in group chat , let us know who have see our message and who hasn't . also let us use external gallery app when choose picture .
the app be good but i would give it 5 star if it have a night mode because i like use wechat at night .
why my wechat be not work after instal ,
i can't open the app .
thumb up .
i hope there be a delete acount in the setting . if you make it , ill give you 10stars .
this be the second time that wechat have go berserk and i lose all my conversation and information . i try everything and the only option be to uninstall and reinstall again . i will try to minimize use wechat because of its instability .
why i cant post any picture stick and i already uninstalled . please update asap .
no notification appear when message receive . i have to open the apps only the message will appear . pls b note that wechat be on the whitelist of my phone .
wechat keep my phone awake and drain my battery . my phone can't go into sleep accord to battery diagram .
i can't share a shotscreen in google on tap . and it always start another process when i share something , eg , link or text , in other apps .
pretty cool right .
how can i delete my old account because someone disturb me can i open my new account without my phone number .
i love it .
download , why stop on 88 .
i can't download this app . why .
this app always gift for everyone .
hope be good side to meet people .
like very much .
like the new version .
i like everything about wechat , but i can't send a picture to my friend because my screen break i wish i can rotate the screen so that the send botton can work and i can send picture to my friend and family .
why my wechat recieve the message late 1 or 2 minute from my friend and also cannot receive message when i not open my wechat please fix this problem .
unfortunately . wechat have stop work .
space hog with no option to use external sd card for storage .
nyc app luved it .
hard to find some others nearby , its would nice meet more people .
i love it .
why i can't mention my friend in the comment .
the version be up to date , but it just won't work . i restart the phone , won't work . i uninstalled it re instal it again , but it just won't work . don't know what go wrong .
after january update , my wechat stop receive new message and keep give error alert say cannot access server 1 , 500 . moment could be manually update . i have to uninstall , then realize only december version be available . after instal again , wechat always stick at the open load page and cannot proceed to anything .
bring back the drag to make sight at chat ,
it's awesome .
no notification appear when message receive . i have to open the apps only the message will appear . pls b note that wechat be on the whitelist of my phone .
malaysia be full of prostitute , online gamble and garbage seller , and report be useless with message like insufficient information about adult store seriously .
i love it . but i can't update this app . what i must do .
it's like whatsapp and hangout mix with some awesome . there be an issue with the location data thing tho .
i cannot open my wechat . plss hellp .
can't hear the other person at all .
its cool like we can keep in touch with someone but it be a little bite laggy can you fix the lag problem and thx .
my friend always complain me for not reply because of this . this will be hard if someone need me in case of emerency . fix this please .
very useful app for picture to be send abroad .
best app .
chinese new year be about to come in another two week time . why there be no new sticker come out for it please add new sticker . then i will give you five star .
please reduce wakeups and wake lock in the next release . currently there be far too many of them .
hi . i can't see my friend new moment . i always refresh it and it still do not load . whenever i uninstall and install back , it load normally . but after that , it happen again . please fix this .
i hate that password 1 .
its good tu make new friend . keep it up .
good apps for video call audio call chat .
the new update version be very slow hang all the time . kindly fix it .
my wechat can't send message and receive any message , what's go on two day already , please fix it .
great make a friend and now she's my best friend thank you play store .
usually when use wechat the chat will automaticly receive and wechat logo will appear . but lately i need to open wechat apps in order to receive chat . try to re instal but the progress bar show download do nothing please fix a . s . a . p .
i think people should use wechat incase of whatspp itis very nice app .
the only thing be it would be great to be able to send doc like in fb and vk . thank a lot .
picture save in . chat disapear .
i keep try everything , my location service be on and i still can't view people nearby . it say my location can't be determine even when all of my other apps use location perfectly . my gps , wifi and data be all enable .
it say download error . will give it 5 star if it get fix asap .
duh . seriously , im sick of wait this stupid stuff . please take a serious action to repair it . i cant open my account . its take a long time to load .
cant use fake location on wechat .
my account be freeze and i cannot unfreeze it cause i cannot understand the word write in chinese language .
this be terrible it always delay my msg and its like i gonna open my wechat only the msg will be receive .
good but i cannot close this app by press back on my galaxy s2 , please fix this issue .
like it .
i cant verify my acc right after im try to log in back . verify via friend cannot load . it only show white blank . help me with this . i need to log in my wechat .
why i cant open moment it say no memory card but i have it , it cant open image also , pls help me .
its very useful and friendly , i dont have look for any app at all . look forward with you guy .
download stop at 88 , it won't complete . what should i do .
whenever i try to open we chat it say we chat be stop respond i mean what the hell i instal it to talk with my frnds and i have never use it once . i be go to uninstall it now .
yes i know privacy be the most important in wechat . but can u please let us know if our friend be online please make this update i need it very much . i only ask for this and if i get it , 5 star directly . fornow its only 4 ok .
wanna ask , why every when i video call with my friend i can't hear the voice . my friend and i stay different place he at china , and be at indonesia , may you help me .
seriously , if i have an os call wechat os and it be just wechat on my phone , that would be enough .
i be unable to use shake function and also hang . when i be check the status of people the phone only show no result to show . please clear it . thank u .
the app become so heavy and always lag . then the photo cant be send and load .
many time i'm not get message which be send by friend . i'm get only after open the wechat app . plz help me in this .
i can't get cute girl with this app .
it be much more better than alipay .
i have update wechat , it be not translate the massage now . kindly fix it .
. stop after a second in video call .
amaze app .
i love use this app i want to change my wechat id . do something please .
i get tire of glitchy hangout and skype , so i go look for a new chat app . i find wechat . i think to myself , this be an app that american people use to talk to chinese people , right but what if i try to use this app just american to american so i get it , set up two account , and try it out . and it's a stable , bloat free , fast , and solid message app with some extra cool feature get all your friend to sign up for this , it's a great chat app even without a chinese person in the equation .
try to resend request for code nothing happen . try via call no voice come out from other line .
it be perfect before , but now that i have chnged my device z5 premuim , it close randomly .
easy to use .
why i dont hve my notifction on my icon . its mke me dffcult to know either i hve a mssge or not .
we chat .
wechat out voice be really suck , why you release this if you haven't try it out make sure customer will enjoy use premium . option . if you still think you want to make money out of it please fix it . it really bad waste of you should go look and see how viber their maintaine their customer by make a good service . but for chat i like it .
i have try to find people nearby me and i m not able to find them . as it say unable to load your location data go back and try again .
i cannot see nearby people in my note 2 . i do open high acuracy on my gps but still not work .
not bad .
easy to contact someone .
notification doesn't even show now .
so good .
i forget my password and you keep on tell me the qq . what the fvck be that bro . help me .
please fix the video chat it keep freeze very bad .
have you solve the problem of use nearby location with a fake gps .
message be arrive with significant delay . it seem there be some bug that prevent message to arrive late . you can only notice someone be chat you only when you have to open the application to check it . no notification at all .
suddenly , it cannot receive any message . send be ok , but cannot receive message . i try to disable all kind of battery save app , not work . uninstall and reinstall temporarily fix the problem , but it come back after several hour . totally block .
still its not work , same problem be continue , there be no any further movement from the main screen .
this app be good for its functionality but it run slow on my device compare to several other apps .
i love it .
love it .
i cant open wechat after i install on my galaxy ace duo please help me , asap .
good apps .
after i update wechat , picture in moment go blank . i can't view any of the picture . there's only a blank grey box . not so much problem with the video .
two thumb up .
many time im install this apps and get nothing , still can't open it . pls help me .
the best app .
love it .
as our last day also together wechat .
its be really good and all can talk easy with friend so this production be very fantastic .
we chat .
seriusly i really love it .
my wechat error . cant use .
please make this app can be use for all android version .
we love wechat .
can only see first 10 post from new friend .
good job .
so far be good usual your internet network .
thank you .
i love it .
i love it .
always stop by itself and not respond . why .
nice one .
before wechat be work even your use mobile data now . it doesnt work .
a reall time pass app . nvr get bore wen alone .
it would be great if we could see if the message have be deliver and read .
ui be not trend . make it as simple as whatsapp facebook material design . make like and comment easier one tap only . and i can't share screenshots via google now on tap .
i be not get a verification code to my phone via sms and even when it call i dont hear anything .
it's great to do to what ever you like .
very good .
well i dont see why its so hard for your programmer to add standard notification like message deliver d and message read r . come on its 2016 already .
wechat be awesome but i get some problem with this new version . i'm use wechat version 6 . 3 . 8 on my lenovo p90 but it keep stop respond at some random time . especially when i'm in the middle of conversation with someone it's just stop and close suddenly . what be the problem actually hope you can fix this . thank you . cheer .
this be way better than facebook .
i like this .
work great at first , but now say account be in protection mode and won't let me log in . when i follow the step to verify the account it say my phone number be invalid . what give .
i like it .
my wechat have lose how can i get back my wechat . n too many i do it to get my wechat plz hepl me .
not bad .
i like it .
i like .
wechat be the best . can easily connect with friend and family easily .
bring ppl across the country closer . share moment to read and share daily news , chat , video call r the top function i hv be use and love it to maxx .
it not good .
i can't open the app after update to the new version .
have we chat and email the team no response . no way to permanently delete . seriously consider before join . its not very good and customer service be none existent .
after update i can't use people nearby . please fix it
my mom get to re connect with her classmate after 30 year through this app thank you .
for a really popular app , they do a poor job integrate with the android ecosystem . instead , a lot of the screen just seem like an ios port .
work over wifi only why .
want to find out what all the hype be about this app . now after download it i be not even able to sign up for the service . thank for make sure that i never come back to check this out again . by the way , i have a nexus 5 run 6 . 0 . 1 .
i can open my wechat for first time , second time , third time . then next time for next day i open , moment of my wechat not update . what can i do to sattle this .
i love it .
i'm just use this app from around 4 5 year but now i want a fresh account , to do all that i want to delete my associate account permanently after that i want to create i new one . but so far there be no such option involve so it's a bad experience use wechat .
i love it so much .
video call be so slowly . pls fix this .
why it doesnt work at all when i open its blacky and i wait for 5 min .
not good .
i need help . why my asus phone can not to install .
very good .
nice app .
why my wechat always black out , can't open , black out please help .
when i use voice call . i can't hear caller voice , why be use it for year love this app but no sound .
everytime i try to install this , it always stop when i've download 27 . 57mb of it .
there be no option to delete account .
ultimate new version . thanx for the nice app keep it up .
but i'm not sure the latest version be which version . i stucked on version 6 . 2 and cannot update anymore . i be look forward to the group call system , but i can't update . my phone be samsung galaxy s advance , could you check the update for this type of phone .
i cannot be see on wechat people nearby for almost 3 day noe what be happen .
love it .
easy too use .
this be a best .
i luv wechat i cant live without it sound like stupid .
whoever make that app suck dick .
i just love a great easy apps like wechat good job guy .
why i cant open my wechat urghh . please fix this as soon as possible .
i love it .
its very useful to connect people around .
how to i sign up .
it's completely wrong . show my location as in the sea off the coast of west africa . need update asap nexus 4 .
why my sight cant hear my voice properly im use honor 6 . please help me to setup this problem .
but sometimes its moment cant load pic and i have a strong connection .
my phone always pop up unfortunately we chat have stop after the update . plese fix it .
only successful because everything else be block in china . no social resharing and arbitrary limit on group size due to government censorship policy . track identity base on phone number and push you to associate your bank account for many feature . large number of permission request and refuse to work with selective permission disable in android 6 . no encryption . know to have be distribute with build in malware . do not keep an history of message . refuse to share link from some sit .
after latest update , my wechat be say unfortunately wechat have stop work . no .
very good app .
i cant open it after update . fix it as soon as possible .
nice app .
it's fun .
hey , pls fix this . it's can't be open after the update today .
unable to open after update . fix it .
why asus cannot download this version .
when i comment the name not mention plez fiz it .
i cant open this app after update , pls fix it .
when i open the app it only show start up image and then automatically get shut down . can't even see my chat list . guy you reply to my comment and the link give me also not work .
the one of my favourite , app . love it .
nice app .
what ever .
its ok but . the sight be quiet short .
after update cant open wechat anymore . please fix this .
good apps .
i can only receive red pocket from others and i can't send to others . that's not fun .
massage see notification and contact online notification ,
i love this apps .
. i check 2 to 3 phone . need improvement for we chat cant use . otherwise need to uninstall and try other chatt app .
different number i forget my password as well .
so good .
great application .
it be nice to see the photo i like it very .
it update automatically and keep clash .
just ok .
great and useful software . easy to use even for first timer . we easily make new friend through shake and people nearby and the best part i find my true love . now we marry .
1 shake only show nearly country people , indian never can't see uk , canadian and brazilian japnis , nigerian . 2 translation be so poor to translate massage . 3 bottle be so limit for one day use . please improve dis .
very useful application to keep in touch when in china other country also give us a way to delete message on screen like this one you have recall a message no need for me to save those .
please help . i really need this . help .
i be very please with its reliably , it have become my goto communication app . cant remember when i use hangout last .
i wish the desktop app will support moment .
good . have funny .
it's a very awesome apps .
can use after update .
please update fix profile photo animation .
oh it's a good thing for my family .
it's putty good , but some function can't use . need update .
my we chat cannot open for deta . but open only wifi . what happen .
knnot open .
alway hangging .
use as daily communication app and never fail .
can't use shake feature over wifi it shift on mobile network automatically .
give back the chat history backup .
love it .
i be not get notification for new message and receive message late .
i like this app . but fr the past few day i couldnt see the people nearby i lose this from the app . since last even whenever i shake the mobile i could not get anyone . simply show no result find , try later . pls help me .
why always log out .
after update new version . this app always hangging . make sure problem like this not happen again . i give 5 star .
1 chance to change our we chat id can you do it just 1 chance .
always hang and lag after update .
why can i not get the walkie talkie on my phone for this app other friend can that why give 4 for i have galaxy s6 phone .
this application allow user to setup ciri2 privacy to the extent that it be difficult eminence of application mana2 others in its class . application that can wreak havoc on a strong partner jealous hahahaha .
i like .
be happy .
where be the sight i cant open it .
can't see the picture in moment .
its good to meet new people .
it require too many permission to function , even on android 6 . the menu also have way too many function that be illogically place .
cannot open the app after update .
thank you very much i love wechat .
im so happy because this app can make me happy .
good apps .
i would really appreciate it if wechat have the last see or message see system . please make one . or if anybody appear online on the screen . please wechat team .
nice social app . but i think suppose to be better again cause to slowly for a chat app .
i like wechat .
love it .
its just dash man love it .
it be good but i think that there be a few other chat that can't even compare to wechat . wechat rule mothetfu .
it chat app best ever .
simply good .
i like .
palo faggitt .
hahahaha gs .
no one could keep .
i cant pull down the chat log to take sight anymore .
i need it .
i'm currently use samsung galaxy tab s 8 . 4 and noteb10 . 1 2014 edition tablet . one bad thing about wechat of 6 . 3 . x version be the font for chat text be way too small . it be especially bad for senior people and people who do not have good eyesight even with glass on . i wish that there's a x large option in wechat font setting . so out of no choice , currently i have uninstalled the latest 6 . 3 . x version and subtitude it older 6 . 1 . 0 . 66 r1062275 version , in order to have xx large option in font set . yes this version can receive sight video and able to manual create backup and restore instead of new migration thingy . if wechat engineer team can put x large font set in the next new wechat version , i'll rate it for 5 star rat . until then , only 1 star rat from me .
not receive information .
wechat do not have the feature yet to recognize who s online or offline in wechat . please add as soon as possible .
but i wish i could use this without connection just for short period of time just in case of emergency .
quite good . better you should stay keep this apps and never uninstall it although if you r run out the memory . for me its important coz all my friend do have this apps and its really make our contraction become more easier and closer .
i like it .
nice app .
how come it be for age 3 this be so confuse .
its not work i really like to join this side .
really world best chat i like it .
read phone status and identity reroute outgo call .
wy i can't reinstall we chate .
sometimes bug the photo not show pls fix thank .
love it oll baby la .
good though .
i cant get my verification code . i have try almost 10 time but unable to get the code still .
help and feedback page not available i would also like to know if what i post on my moment , do the post automatically appear on my friend moment and vice versa without tag .
please help .
beat whatsapp as if it be a joke . so much more in wechat and i can't believe whatsapp be still around .
i think the wifi . imagine only 31 . 21mb it take more than an hour until now its omg .
worst app ever .
won't accept my number .
very good .
love it .
only single suggestion come in shake always and everytime .
great app .
dear sir new version i cant see emote plz fix this to enjoy more thnx .
always hang with samsung j1 ace .
give another option .
love it .
the latest wechat take away chat time , please add back some similar feature or atleast let user to choose show chat time or not , currently chat with time .
i cant send picture . its just keep load but not send . please help .
pretty good app .
i love it when i look at the review they be good and i like it to .
why can't you block those user keep it send the greet anymore , but last time can be very irritate when them keep send me greet but can't block if other than this every be very good i would rate 5 star .
i like it .
i can't open my account wechat . whenever i try to open , it's just show up that one lonely ranger and blank . it turn back on my phone screen . so i can't open it . be this virus or someone's be hack my acc wechat .
1 . insignificant chat can be force to stick at the bottom of the chat like it can be do to stick the important chat at the top of the list 2 . turn around the camera lens for sight . 3 . sight can be record to one minute long or even longer .
user profile have pornography content and admins not bother to remove people nearby profile after multiple report . report just get ignore .
all the cheap ppl be on this .
this be the best app i dont like whatsapp until my mother pronounce it wasap .
now i can't get out of the app unless i press the home button . and the slide down option . for what .
hi . will u please add some more feature in its new update . like if ur message have be see u should be notify . if some one be online not . and since how long that person become online . i hope u understand and bring my advice into ur kind notice . thank .
why my id wechat go like that .
i cant download wechat app .
couple problem 1 . app require storage , phone , and location permission to run . completely unreasonable there's no justification for require those and not be able to manage without them . 2 . no paste into the password box . very strange i use a password manager so my password be long series of random character and just have to type out my entire password by hand . i'm require to use this for a class , but the two problem above be a deal breaker , so i'll only enable the permission when i need to use the app , and i plan to uninstall when the class be over .
great app for chat and call .
really fantastic app .
help and feedback page not available why i would also like to know if what i post on my moment , do the post automatically appear on my friend moment and vice versa .
haven't receive greet from people near by yet i don't think they can see mine .
a super hungry for memory space app and be grow . stupid idea on port over to next phone where usually be already trade in . whatsapp be better .
good job wechat team , and i hope your fix , when post with picture . really hd but if i post at moment . not hd .
love it .
always hang . when try to open .
translation be not work well now .
i want to know how make voice message on wechat turn into text message .
i'm currently use samsung galaxy tab s 8 . 4 and noteb10 . 1 2014 edition tablet . one bad thing about wechat of 6 . 3 . x version be the font for chat text be way too small . it be especially bad for senior people and people who do not have good eyesight even with glass on . i wish that there's a x large option in wechat font setting . so out of no choice , currently i have uninstalled the latest 6 . 3 . x version and subtitude it older 6 . 1 . 0 . 66 r1062275 version , in order to have xx large option in font set . yes this version can receive sight video and able to manual create backup and restore instead of new migration thingy . if wechat engineer team can put x large font set in the next new wechat version , i'll rate it for 5 star rat . until then , only 1 star rat from me .
awesome app please try it .
it's will keep find my location and be the only thing on my phone that won't . this be freak ridiculous , you don't even have the option of choose your own location which be just plain stupid .
always i try to download it but not easy .
i be use wechat since 2010 but face problem for first time . i reinstate a few time , but after last update , i be not able to take small video by slide down chat screen . it just do not slide down to open the camera . please provide fix .
best app .
app you be not bind bracelet , bind bracelet in the millet sport app , and bind the micro my bracelet be bind fix please .
i like it .
function the same as almost any other phone messenger , use to have a walkie talkie feature but now that it's remove i don't see much point use wechat .
how to restore my chat after reinstall please help . thank you .
why do it always close i can t use it anymore .
whene i make a voice call to my freind i get a sound in between call . its feel ne uncomfortable so plz stop this sound tun . why i get this sound problem plz solve this .
love it .
if i can search for word within chat that will be good just like whatsapp .
because whenever i open it , it will go back to home screen and say unfortunately , wechat have stop . pls fix it .
i can't sight when on home page . it should pop out the sight screen whenever i pull the home screen down . please help .
very good .
when ever i sign up it say i have invalid sim number , and i be use it .
it's ok .
i can't get back old conversation , i lose my phone so i get another one and i download wechat again with the same phone number but i can't see my old conversation be like they disappear , i'm piss .
downgrade bcs keep crash .
while shake the phone its show no result try again .
now to some how i just unlinked my facebook account now i m not able to connect or relinked it .
if it be a person then i would kill it .
customer service be more confuse . send you to a link that do not exist .
this be a good app but how to make backup for chat . it be no option for backup .
we can easily send message and pic .
i just want to use it as a simple text message app , but it won't open if i deny unnecessary permission in android m . why the hell do it refuse to start without permission to location , storage and phone i'm sure send and receive textual message do not need to know my location , and access my phone information have nothing to do with simple texting . i'm also sure that each app have its own storage space , so store message be a bad excuse when you ask to access the entire storage .
like it .
great app ever .
why i cant open this wechat . it load around 2 and then wechat cant open please fix it . and i give u 5 star .
i dl it bcoz i hate line always lag and make my phone not enough storage but i like this app so much easier to use .
i love this app .
very good .
it be a great app ever .
i redownload my wechat but it keep on stop at 88 then it will automatically force stop why i re try more than 10 time and its just not work .
i love it .
crash while i'm try to keep in background .
love it .
please tell how to turn off vibration as i have try all option .
my phone xperia e have enough space but when i download wechat it can't be download . it say insufficient storage eventhough i have more space . please fix . thank you .
dear wechat , pls add last see or read feature to wechat so that we can at least knw the person we be texting have read the message or not pls add it will be great to experience we chat with these feature like insta direct we knw the text have be read nd all so pls do add wait for the update . really amaze social platform but some feature be important nd be miss pls do look . in this .
whene i make a voice call to my freind i get a sound in between call after redownload wechat . i feel very irritate for this sound tun . tunn duering call why i god a sound in between call plz answer m feel very irritate duering call .
i re install because my moment do not refresh correctly .
best chat in this app .
but why no back up of conversation . also the online and last see plus at what time a person have read a message .
app be not so good .
its good i like this app .
really no stable for my meizu phone . i don't know how to expect it , in apps problem .
yet to understand how it work .
wechat in my asus zenfone keep crash and always need to restart the app , hardly to get a smooth experience , hope wechat team will fix this asap .
must be to speak true this be the best for connect .
i cannot access my wechat . its hang load . we chat not respond .
why this moment can't open it . only say no memory audio , video , photo and feature moment .
see this girl get . lovestruck by a guy write in romantically use emoji's be sidesplitting . this after claim his write be his magic . make for each other , haha .
unwanted non friend also send message .
voice on my account didn't work well . please fix it .
hi wechat , i be use samsung galaxy note 2 , recently i try to send voice message in group chat , but other do not receive my voice message although it show the voice message be send . but if i send sticker , video , picture or text message , others can see . can you tell me how to fix it tq wechat .
have be great for keep in touch with family in china .
good very good .
the best .
nice 1 .
when i open the app it only show start up image and then automatically get shut down . can't even see my chat list . guy you reply to my comment and the link give me also not work .
each time i try to log in there's no pop up wechat logo moon and planet earth . but it's say on the pop up wechat app be not respond . force close
one of the best apps . though , instead of look at moment post something like 107 day ago , would it be possible to just display the date and time those moment be post .
my back button can't function properly when i'm use the apps , for example , i would have to use the home button instead of use back button whenever i want to quit wechat , pls fix or tell me what to do . thx .
i use to be notify before if i have mssgs or new activity . now no more i will just know it once i tap the icon and launch the apps its annoy to click it every now and then to check my message . kindly fix .
use so much space after clean it in wechat . i will change to 5 star if you reduce the space use by wechat ,
it just keep on the moon . i cant log in my wechat account .
the quality of the wechat out call be pretty good , love it hope wechat out credit can be top up by wechat wallet for easy top up .
can't send any pic or voice msg and nothing appear on discover .
why always middle east as shake prefer very hard for look some friend in asian country . thank for the care , now much better , at least many asian country friend apply in shake feature , but still can't find chinese or taiwanese n the others . add 2 more star . i'll give a 5 star if the problem solve . thank .
good app .
easy to use .
yup i guess i would like it as i go through .
1 . can't close the app with return botton . it's only close with the home button . 2 . it always show to slide down to enable the sight . but there be nothing come up after i touch the screen . a bite confuse .
the user should be able to delete his account . this app be not user friendly at all .
only use it if , unfortunately , you have to visit china because every message app that respect your privacy be block . every free man should boycott such state sponsor monopoly .
people still can't find me on shake and people nearby . i also can't find them . i hate this app . all i find be a chinese that say live nearby from me . stupid .
best app .
tbis be a so useful app i so much like i want call my video call to my grandparent .
enable gif at moment and chat pleasee i will rate 5 star if have this .
video call voice call sticker ow ye .
like the sticker . so i give 4 too this .
after update the new version , i could not receive message from friend . gonna click in wechat then only receive the text . please fix it .
crash i try many time its crash and crash and crash .
it nice can connect with other in other place right .
hye , my wechat can't view my friend moment although i make public moment for my wechat .
chill chat .
very good app .
jesus christ , stop tell me every second that i'm on call when i minimize it , i fkin know i'm in a call block my notification bar continuously . and your call tone be too damn loud and can't seem to lower it down , i think my ear be go to blow up coz most of the time my earphone be plug in . that's all though . and yeah please allow to switch to video call while voice call . thanx .
love it .
i instal it twice n try to opn it bt it get stick on main page nly . not open nytyng . useless app .
i can't install the wechat and i check not my phone problem . please assist .
since 1 jan 2016 , 0 hour , i can not log in my account . i can not receive password via sms to register mobile number , because i be not use it anymore . and keep tell me , retrieval terminate due to system error . my wechat id be herman868868 . i give u 5 if i can log in my wechat account again . thank u very much . why no reply .
i think i be the only person who see's my profile pic . the setting be correct but still they cant see my profile pic at all . sad life pls fix .
i really like this clock app .
i hate this app . it do not work and i cannot even login .
can you do this app on window 10 plss .
super fast communication with my 10 adopt kid in kathmandu nepal . all the feature i need and use be include .
please make sure people can place international call on the android base version of wechat just like that functionality provide on the ios version . thank .
first time user . this app take me in an endless circle and i never gain access to my account . all i receive be frustration first i receive a message say my account be set to protect status . send me to an account recovery page , this a very confuse page . i try about 13 time . cod be send to my phone , i use these cod think i would gain access and then the circle start all over again . next , the message say , your account be not ban . go to home and sign in directly . i do this and still cannot obtain access to my account . i would like my account delete or assist me with log in to my account . maybe i'll change my review .
at first i be impress . that be until the app auto log me out . and then insist upon a security check and verification process with mention of invalid app which be ten cent own from play store . have not be able to log back in . very buggy app .
love it .
i like it .
after i freeze my account , then i log in use phone no . and password it say that click ok to unfreeze account . but the problem be when i click ok , the language change to chinese language n i dont understand the further instruction . can you solve my problem .
i keep send to log in via sms but i didnt get any sms to key in the code . i just log out and forget my password but idk its hard to log in back . hm .
one thing i dont like about wechat be that i cannot even write on my moment i can only post photo and sight its sad .
there should be a way to know if a person be online or not .
thank for the first time in the uk . i have a good idea to advertise the best way to get the best way .
good graphic .
why cant we upload an already record video .
good for chat .
it's good but i hope wechat team will add some new feature like online , last see , send , receive and send .
wth . such for nothing .
so far so good . but i notice that i no longer can record a sight without open a chat room . before , we can just drag down the chat list and record . if you could restore that feature , that would be great .
. clear pixel when use video call .
whwn i login my wechat , it keep close and i dont know why . it write wechat not respond . i have uninstall and install back many time but still the same . my phone mmory be 11 gb . why it cannot respond .
nice app .
i can't transfer over rmb 200 a day without have a china bank account as i'm hk wechat account .
donot give me creadit for free call .
love it .
i cnt open and cnt even re download it .
good app .
why i wanna backup but doesn't the back can click . just the restore'click only .
y dun u guy add in a sign that signify whether the message have be read .
you should change the motif .
like it .
love it .
can u try to repair the system as fast as u can i cant entry the apps successfully thank u very much .
upload picture error . un install and re install also can not . please fix it . there be also error in re diwnloading this application .
love any one .
my video be very dark with my front cam but other apps its ok .
please , can someone help me out in this place .
neh wechat great ps raven .
easy to use with awesome use .
like the app . its nys .
my account isnt sync with all contact profile picture . pls fix .
how can i delete my old account .
crystal clear voice quality , however in chat page online offline mode not visible of others .
this app be amaze i let me talk to my couisin no matter how far they be but why doese it take alot of space .
its a really nice app , i can't find chat backup though .
when i download it come till 99 and restart waste of my mb i dont like this .
i like it .
love it .
as recommend , i have try to do a backup on the window system , but still its not work , it give the chin language which i be unable to understand . kindly please provide a simple solution for do the backup .
in my wechat it s not show near by .
wechat always hang and lag . send so many feedback also no use . lousy .
version 6 . 3 . 8 be nightmare . 1 when browse photo to post , there be no order . some new photo at top , some at bottom , and even some at middle . think if you have thousand of photo in the phone , how can you find the correct photo . 2 . when send sticker , it can not stay other than 1st page , just 1 2 second in 2nd page , then automatically go back to 1st page .
i feel so happy that i can message my mother and father .
the interface be quite complicate for new user . and in some phone it take to long for verification while sign up . expect better experience good luck .
i'm really please with this app and how smooth and well plan it be . it help me find an old friend .
how nice if u guy improve the set be about a clear moment history because it take too long time and complicate too delete one by one per moment . please add this set . give 5star if this issue have be fix . thank you . like this social app . one thing . sorry . i just want to demand little thing be . make a set to change our first id bcause my old id many people say im a gay user . please i want to change it . i need too . bcause i still love my old id but not my id name . please . tq .
keep it up always .
we easy to communicate with new friend .
this qpp be so nice but slow 2 load .
it be the best social app ever . i have never enjoy social app like i do .
i can sight thru my wechat . why it happen .
i like it .
love it .
i cant not video call in group , and i cant not upgrade .
i love it .
unlimited bottle throw and pick . friend request send button near by the type key . message read check mark and shake change into tab . etc .
i can meet my oold friend with shake .
whenever i hit home button during video chat the video close and i get a message to enable float video for wechat . however the instruction be give in chinese and i can't understand how to do this . htc one m8 .
i can't even view the moment . why be they even support by phone memory anyway it doesnt make sense .
u have many friend . in your wechat .
wechat be the best .
could not instal on my zenfone 5 lte android version 5 . 0 .
instal qq together , same qq id can login qq only , not able login wechat .
phone call option be the beat one .
sound for the alert still go off even when my phone be on downtime setting . keep interrupt my meet and class whenever someone text me .
love this app .
good its good .
very usefull .
wechat i need to know your location . me no way . wechat fvck off .
it's fun and really cool .
best app for chat .
i love the video call feature provide in this app . its call quality be quite good . but it'll be more fun if you can provide this feature for group chat .
i love it .
its good but not give me the backup or restore option . i be very much confuse in this regard . their be no last see or read option . can some please help me in thia regard .
im speechless with what i've be through with this app . every sec i want to post my moment , that exact freak time this app restart my phone . i can't take it no more .
like it .
please make sure people can place international call on the android base version of wechat just like that functionality provide on the ios version . thx .
every thing be good in this app . we meet nw prsn to evry shake .
1 . there be always a red dot in my discover , wat do it indicate 2 . we android dont have the same option in the iphones in discover section like nearby and bottle . why be it hope u'll reply very soon tq .
it good at first . but at the end . why i cant open my wechat . it just show the earth for long time . can you tell me why .
qq wechat have increase security at a cost . i use qq wechat successfully for 7 year before i be unceremoniously suspend . the user interface have slow considerably in those year . bloat and unresponsive . frequent reset . i appeal 4 time with older account . then open a new account use a different email . within 2 day of go to english only chat , i be again suspend . no foul language , no spam . just conversation . qq must record ip address and ban account on them . bye qq . bye wechat .
i use it on my window phone its good .
tell me what version number of wechat be stable for android 2 . 3 samsung galaxy . with older version , update popup always show .
but now it have become slow and unresponsive .
like it shake the phone and find friend .
when i factory reset my phone and try to log in , it give me error on password or phone number even if i be correct .
love it .
just want to give it a try .
why doesn't hv a button to delete the account i want to delete my account .
shake doesn't work . its search nd search . plus delete account should be easier . don't force ur app . upon us user hate u . more for it . ur databse be full of user who cant delete account with one click .
very nice .
it's awesome but i will give 5 star if you don't need wifi to send message .
this app be dose not locate location an be not let me search for people nearby i do everything to try make it work can you help me asap please .
love it .
whats wrong be not get my vertification code i wait for an hour but still no i re download but still no . plz see for it .
good app .
why i cannot bind my visa card when i key in my card number , then choose the credit card to find the visa , cannot find the selection for visa . why previous i can bind visa card now cannot .
why my wechat cannot open moment , album , profile . fixe it pls .
can u pls add feature , like if the person we chat be online ,
i want do dlete my account bt i dont know how to do it .
i love this app .
it doesn't work and totally useless i tell everyone not to download it . while sign up it show the number be invalid but i have a very valid number i ask the how to overcome it .
i accidentally delete my wc conversation . but with the newest update , i cannot find the chat backup history . please fix this asap .
it's awesome .
what happen with the update that deny the user from send long content text message to the public once this app enable the user send long text as their update moment but now . damn .
love it .
cant use fake gps to people nearby . fix this please . tsk .
previously it work for android 2 . 3 os . so , please give the oldest version of we chat app for android 2 . 3 user like me . please give if any .
load at 2 and 3 please fix . asap .
nice one .
its very good .
its very slow to load and problem in load profile picture .
i can not send any statement on the moment , while my friend also can send . i be download the wechat application for 3 time but i still can not send any statement . why .
many time someone text me or call me thru we chat i didnt even receive any notification . when i open the application then i receive it .
why i can't install this apps . fy .
app freeze my phone and it be very slow .
love it .
i need it for very fast video send with long period of time .
love it .
because i don't have any friend on this program .
the great application .
and be glad about it . it must be such a lousy solution . bad start .
download apks in the background .
whenever i open , after reply the text , 2 or 3 time . please fix that .
great app to chat with my chinese friend .
i use it .
good app .
sometimes the message delay .
love it .
after the latest update . i cant even change my profile picture nor can i see others .
this be my way of communicate with my love one , just hope the voice call wilk enhance .
not to bad but not too good .
its ok .
i like it cheap more talk in that case .
i can't update this app .
love it .
it be suck when i cant make my region location as singapore as i be really in singapore . it just let me choose from a few stupid country like zimbabwe or yemen .
so good .
its easy to use .
i give 5 star because why i very like this app .
i love it .
please how be change my wechat id , i look ur help feedback to check it its not possible , but i want to change my wechat id . pls reply me .
very good .
when i sight , it wont upload . sometime it work and nahh .
i can't login with my facebook account fix it . fix it fix it fix it .
i dont have an option for people near by . but my friend have it . what be the problem .
i be not get notification plzz help mee and my account .
1 . i notice i can only tag ppl who've comment on a moment but i can't tag ppl who hasn't comment yet . i wanna be able to tag anyone when i'm comment on someone's moment 2 . pls add the option to share a sight pic voice that you receive in a chat available to be share in your moment . 3 . please give us the option to switch to front camera when record a sight and please make the sight duration 15s long hope u guy give us these new feature in the come update pls rply asap .
it be good .
why could not show wechat login sign .
i need the old version of wechat .
i love this app .
wechat be the best chat app . please add some feature from whatsapp like feature .
today after update , the whole apps just lose . pls fix this , all my contact in it . no chat no life .
my front camera wont work for video call .
i would love this app more if i can log on to different device and view all message on other device so when i uninstall the app , the message will still be there when i log in again without back up .
gud app .
this app be by far the best . i just love we chat coz i cant live without hang out wit this app . it really have change my life alot have meet people frm far . and have make friend that im still wit . thank you team we chat you have broaden my horizon in many way no app have .
it better than any other social network .
i love it .
it doesn't let me change my profile picture and let me see the discover .
i like wechat beacause i can chat with my frind .
why i can't download this apps .
1 there should be an optional accept all button to accept all greet at once . let the user decide . 2 there should be an option to create short note at chat coversation box . pls consider these suggestion heavily .
very good .
can't use the walkie talkie help .
love it .
i would give 4 star for the product itself . the reason of one star rat be that there be no customer technical support . you cannot reach anybody . no response from the support email . i couldn't log back in my wechat account after i reset my phone and change my email account . i have try all the way many time , nothing work . now i lose contact with my friend . don't understand why it always need 60 sec to deliver the verification code . every time too slow i hope they could add another option to deliver the code to the email account . another thing that make me hate it be i cancel an action to a photo in my conversation , but the photo be delete by the application , and i didn't mean for that . i hope there be a function to recover the deletion by accident . one more thing i didn't like be if you want to recall a message , it have to be in two minute and if a message be recall , i think it should be like nothing happen , but the app will add a message that tell a message be recall . why be those necessary .
this wechat make me happy .
good app .
awesome app .
hey wechat , i've be get the same person over and over again for over a week now while play shake .
love it .
i haven't have this game before but it look good to me .
keep say unable to find location although all other apps on my phone have no problem . very frustrate as i like to use discover mode .
after i download wechat . y its not respond .
some change require hide option not there .
for me every apps have their own problem to fix . so , this be good for me as long as it can connect to other people .
i be unable to download this app from past two month . its show instal , but not download , what may be the problem i hv enough space to in my phone .
it really good to use .
good app .
waste time to delete one per one moment . please do something about that .
like it .
love it .
best way to contact .
i take that back .
i like it very ll pls keep on the good work tank u n god bless .
i m more comfortable with it then any other social network app .
i love it .
very good .
worst app .
would love to use the app but it's seem that wechat go out of its way to be nonfunctional . can't verify or recover account . make no sense .
dose as describe , but consume more memory .
hi , please include bedford , england in your area list . i live in bedford england and it could not find my location .
although i have already download the latest update but i still don't have all those choice which be show in your wechat picture with choice of walkie talkie and lucky money and even free sticker . can you please fix this i'm use andriod samsung s6 edge . thank you .
i love i'd with .
i've be reinstall this app to my phone and its always log out automaticly by its self . when i try to log in again , its stick on it . please give me a solution . tq .
hi admin , be it possible to do history search for contact share from other user in the group chat or chat thx admin .
i love u .
i need help in share moment . thank you .
wechat be a fantastic for text message , voice call and chat .
why when i shake my phone i only find asian people .
do not have any notification pop up in status bar anymore since i have update to the latest version . what happen i have turn on all notify on wechat and even my phone setting , yet still do not have pop up when there be message in my wechat . please fix it .
i love this app . muahh .
where do the group walkie talkie go , cant find it .
it really awesome .
never download it .
cannot use account and useless account cannot be delete . do not install would have give zero star if possible .
i install it fourth time and still have a problem . i can't open my wechat acc all the app show be the picture big moon with a people stand alone . i've uninstall it and wait for 1 day then i install it back it's still stick at there . can you fix this problem . a . s . a . p .
this app be very good but i would like to make a recommendation for the next update where we can email our conversation . if you'll make that happen . i'll love it to the end . keep it up wechat team .
dude i be not receive the confirmation code .
when i open the app it only show start up image and then automatically get shut down . can't even see my chat list .
keep say its unable to locate my position yet my gps be on .
i love it .
this app cant locate my location and i can't use people near by option it make me sad because i cant find people near me .
i can't receive messenges , can't update moment and load moment , and i can't even search people nearby . whatever the problem be , it be not the internet fault . fix it .
nice and great love it the nearby option .
most of the profile be fake or never respond . the one respond be pay service . the search show same result everytime and shake show ppl from 3k km . not useful .
keep tell unable to load location data . should have know with all the negative rat . uninstalling app .
but hang the mobile sometime , fix this problem .
i can't find it under general . or there be no such option to be exact . really suck . my old phone still have all the file and my new one be empty .
i just buy a new samsung j5 find out during a video call tht it be not clear . fix the bug plz .
not like a skype video call or not good sound quality .
nice , be still explore the potential of the app . , but i love it .
love it .
i've wait for 2 hour but still can't log in .
keep on prompt server access failure 1 , 503 when sign up .
it should be my own choice whether to grant these permission . force to close the app if i'm not comfortable grant these permission be just mean . account safety be not an excuse , and there should be other way to achieve it without this big sensitive permission .
tell me that i can use my own gif . tekk me how .
please check , it be not work on my android 6 . thank you .
hi please reply i already try the way u reply in play shop . be useless how brainless , we wan find back password cause , and ur system still ask our old password , what be the point .
love it .
how do you deactivate the account .
suddenly my wechat can't be refresh or update moment due to unable to connect with wifi here . it can only be refresh with certain wifi at certain place and also mobile data only .
nice very useful .
since 1 jan 2016 , 0 hour , i can not log in my account . i can not receive password via sms to register mobile number , because i be not use it anymore . and keep tell me , retrieval terminate due to system error . my wechat id be herman868868 . i give u 5 if i can log in my wechat account again . thank u very much .
fast and clear .
i can't transfer over rmb 200 a day without have a china bank account as i'm hk wechat account .
no more immediate notification when people send msg till i open the apps latest version update .
i have use we chat before but now i create a new account with a new number . i try link my account to my other device and it log me off my phone and lock me out of my account . when i go back to my phone it say i enter the password wrong but i know it be right . it also say my password be wrong on my other account . my account then get ban and i try verify my account and it work with my phone number but i still cannot log in . now when i try verify it again it do not work .
the app ban you after 1 day of use . stupid company from china .
love it .
it be good .
maybe 5 star will be give but i cant back up my chat log like i do before not even the button i can see .
restore it to previous more stable version .
easy to chat i have load of friend i'm very love it .
please add this to setting . i want this option . it's so irritate to see the time of the call . i be do other thing . i be use android 5 . 0 . please fix this problem asap .
like it .
it help me to connect with my frnd so easily . i love it .
why always middle east as shake prefer very hard for look some friend in asian country . thank for the reply , add 1 more star . i'll give a 5 star if the problem solve . thank .
really like .
great application .
this be cool app .
the verification sms do not arrive . i be in hungary .
it be good . now every time i chat with friend it show me chat be restrict as the other user have not accept your friend request . although i be chat with my friend who accept my request , still it show me error and i be not able to send any message to my friend . please resolve this issue asap .
it's great . i just wish it would accept us debit credit card .
still wait to see what wechat out be like and whether the current build have it . can't seem to find it .
my wechat id can't link with any wechat game . log in time out .
freeze my phone all the time .
i really like you wechat . , thank wechat team .
only me can see people in people nearby , but others people can't find me in people nearby , please help me . i'd mirabalqis94 .
i can't record sight since i update the latest version . nothing happen when i scroll down the top of page . please fix it .
use to be good .
i wish there be cloud migration its so troublesome i have to pick and choose plus delete one by one .
please give coupon of freecharge .
its a nice app for talk to dear one .
keep crash and timeline cannot update , need to reinstall again and function normally just for few day only then keep crash again need to reinstall again and again .
can't open it . always stucks at the earth . and justt cannot open it . i'm use my second phone samsung galaxy . i'm still usingg the old version 6 . 0 . 0 wechat . please fix it . thnkss youu .
i have use we chat . becoz i like it this apps .
doesn't have walkie talkie . please fix it and i will rate 5 star .
why this app make the phone so slowly and the phone give many error .
too bad , i cant choose the wallpaper .
one of the best apps in the market , functionality be superb .
wechai be good sometimes it make me craizy because when i shake my phone i only get chin people i dont like them because they dont speak english .
the drift bottle cn't recieved any reply or feedbck , i can pick any msge in bottle but once i do drift my own there be no reply seem u throw like a garbage to the ocean .
i hat wechat because i can't update my wechat .
good app .
list in people nearby be so small amount of people , only 3 km far away . wish it could search people with 100 people per search and 10 km search distance .
the best app .
i be use wechat , but after the last update it would no longer work . i uninstalled it . in the hope that by re instal it would solve the problem . only to find it will not install . keep get error 24 .
why i can't open my wechat acc . even i be uninstall and install it back . still can't open it . why . why . why n why .
before update , i could snap wechat sight easily to my friend by pull down my top conservation . but new update be annoy me when i want snap a quick sight .
it be not as easy as before to take a sight . it's totally take a few step to only take a sight . please fix it .
just awesome .
can't even login my wechat account after the update . pls fix this issue immediately . thank .
we can talk to our family for free .
i update wechat on my new phone and i observe that i can't save pic anymore directly by select . how do i save pic on my phone npe .
why i cant enable the sight all it display be slide down to enable sight be there anyway to disable it i cant be able to find the setting for the sight . i cant exit from wechat . thank u .
be drain my battery too much . please fix so that i re install . i have send feedback email also .
garbage . cannot login . load always . use connection h . lol .
so user friendly , effective and efficient it have already save me a lot of money .
user friendly .
i have be try to upload a profile photo for 2 day but all i get be unable to upload profile photo .
be there any way to hide my phone number in we chat . so that none can call me .
may i ask that can i change my wechat id coz the name be terrible if can pls help me thank .
love it .
how do it chat with people .
love it .
best app ever .
great app .
so beautiful app .
it be play in loop . please fix this bug .
not show near by people on shake fix this problem all time show china hong kong people only and pakistan .
light , easy to use , and great sound n video quality .
love it .
solve it .
unable to load location . not much use then be it .
i can't even open the app .
go we chat hahahaha lol .
title and image still all chinese . translation need work with third party provider .
same problem . until now . its not work on my device . redmi note 3g .
add a feature , which show weather the person be online or offline , with the indication of green or red dot in front or on right side of every person in the contact list . and if offline , show the last see date and time . it will be very useful , please consider it sir . and also give option to share audio file and song . thank you .
very good .
why i cant see friend's sigh at my we chat moment when click play its become dark . like pft .
i give this app 3stars because i be not very please with the content of the new app , so i don't really like it and it look like you copy whatsapp but with a new title we chat , that's all .
i can't open we chat app it suddenly stop and won't open , i have already uninstalled and reinstall , pls do something about it .
good social network but i once delete it from phone due to phone hang . now i have difficulty instal again . any help to restore we chat on my phone .
this app be amaze its so much easier to text with my friend and family . so much better than my old texing app . thank we chat .
wechat make my job very easy . can communicate easily with new friend and customer . thank to tencent .
very nice .
nice one .
bec very easy to connect .
wechatout be best feature in wechat . but when my bro call me via wechatout i can't see his own number . plz fix the caller id phone munber .
absolutely useless totally user unfriendly the app could not find my moby contact and be difficult to understand . couldn't navigate my way around it nor get it to do anything .
me and my friend cant receive any message each other for 3days somthing can it be fix we have some important thing please fix it .
new update . i don't like it at all . please keep the notification at the top . fix it fast .
best app .
can't log in because of unusual activity .
good app .
overall im use it didnt find any problem , but the worse be message delay while phine standby . when i reopen it just send the message to my phone . pls fix .
go to wechat .
it be too easy to comunicated each others with use this app .
i like this we chat .
nice love this app .
it get stucked up most of the time .
easy to use .
its like awesome unbelievable .
hi , please include bedford , england in your area list . i live in bedford in england and it could not find my location . thank .
so good .
contact friend easily .
i be use wechat , but after the last update it would no longer work . i uninstalled it . in the hope that by re instal it would solve the problem . only to find it will not install .
this be the worst app i ever use . just to waste time .
it say i cannot contact a specific person who'se already on my contact list since we're not yet friend .
i'm free here anytime .
i love it .
its very cool .
the new version be too buggy . i just want to post photo on my moment . and the app quit itself .
hope it will work .
great feature and great ui .
can you add feature like delete moment by select moment u dont want . i u have that feature i give 5 star .
unable to install and keep load . at first i think its due to connection problem but everywhere and anywhere i go and try to install back , the same problem . so irritate .
if . gif cn be share in moment , tht would be great .
like it .
i just use cuple day like 2 day and my account restrict can you tell me way please . tank best regard socrates tank people from google they have a good service , i hope you can help me an this support . my account we chat .
it won't let me in .
like this app but it's too lag to open , when i want to open this app it always take time to open . and i suggest the sight can record the front camera , please make it able to record video in front camera .
it's almost 1 year since the last time im use this app , due of busy sched od work . and now its holly day here , i have my vacation day . so i wish i spend more time now on socialize . download again this app .
would give five if bluetooth compatibility be add like justalk . excellent app .
people nearby and moment be not work . kindly fix . it say none be use this feature . please try next time .
love it .
nice app .
i download this app by recommendation , and whenever i use the shake feature , i never get anyone from my country or surround country , all the time chinese people be find . i would have give it a five star but my purpose be to talk to new people , i can't do that with this app . i hope this review will catch their eye and hopefully they'll dispel the problem asap .
try to change my wechat id but it couldnt change . hope it can allow us to change our own wechat id .
especially the feature of translate .
its not open . i try a lot but it just not work . always show the picture of a man stand something like that .
so lag may i know why .
i instal the app but when i try to open it . it just stucks with that annoy picture of a man stand infront of a moon .
itz kinda annoy to see the same face that not accept our friend requess . a block option in the look around would be much easier .
i like it .
please how be change my wechat id , i look ur help feedback to check it its not possible , but i want to change my wechat id .
if it have a bluetick and last see .
love this apps thank .
very nice app .
i have a complaint about tablet wechat video call be invert , that be weird because in smartphone no problem , my tablet be sony xperia z4 tablet .
this be best .
after several time this app stop receive any chat or send chat . it won't work idk why i should clear data and re login again . it's tire . i use asus zenfone c . please fix . i use this app for business .
what happen .
id can not change .
easy to use . also do great for set up small group like family or friend .
gud app .
i like wechat .
i don't like new version of people nearby which when i accept someone then directly get me into chat home , like i have to open people nearby again to accept people and do the same thing repeatly . i hope you know what i say . i want to accept them directly .
stick whe .
stick at logo . please fix it . disapointed .
i cannt download why .
why can we not keep our chat message when we switch phone i buy a new phone and instal this app but all my message be go . it be not transfer to the new phone . hope still have option to retrieve them .
love it .
use to use mock location to chat with friend around the world . why now only restrict to nearby . when be your new update have you fix it yet .
it won't open .
one of the best approach for might and call .
why my wechat can't use people nearby .
cool app .
people always misuse this app .
i love this .
i love this app .
like it .
this issue be frm long tym nw kindly fix it guy my cupl of frnds hv this option rest doesn't . i hv only shake option be there no people near by option .
we chat .
hi , please include bedford , england in your area list . i live in bedford in england and it could not find my location . thank .
couldn't open my wechat , it keep say that wechat can't be open , so i have to uninstall it and download it again .
very clear and audience of communicate .
it's good app but its need to more improvement like we can't upload n send any audio file . i don't have near by option why plz solve this problem .
thnx . 4 wechat . love it .
how to migrate chat to another device i have try it so many time but i can't . and i also try to search the tutorial on youtube but its provide the old tutorial version which be cloud migration . i hope u provide us the old cloud migration because its easy to use than the migrate to another device . please help me .
it's useless i can't even do anything .
great aplication .
my wechat be not respond ,
why my wechat cannot be open .
it doesn't work when you install it due to a break verification process . buggy . design be deeply flaw .
when ever i want to will download until 5 after that it tell that it cant download coz of force stop .
very good app .
best app for chat . i like this app .
try to open wechat wallet . it say please enter your 10 digit cell number to verify you . well it be 11 digit without country code china . stick already at first step . thank for the great engineer . my advice better use alipay . it actually work .
i love it very much bcos i'm get new fiend in this apps .
but a question be . why there be no delete my account .
not good experience . hu i ball android not support .
add feature like last see , unseen , read in chat page . we be confuse weather our message be see by our friend s r not .
that's great .
i literally just download this and when i search for people it won't let me . it just say you've be report to many time to use this . ya like i could even get report that fast . worst chat app i've ever see .
love it .
sir how gain the money .
i have wifi even then it be charge money from my main balance also it be not that good facebook be far better than this .
after update i've lose newby option . pls fix it otherwise m gonna uninstall . nd ur rat be minus 5 star .
it always fail and never show people nearby . i try everything .
too many lgbt but its ok .
the app be great .
i cant pull down the chat log to take sight anymore .
i can't log in and i can't sign in so i call it stupid game so im unstalling it so stupid game so bye and it's really dum because i can't log in or sign in so stupid game please fix please and hurry up thx .
update every 3 month and make more feature .
i cant open wechat with samsung galaxy young .
won't log in .
nearby friend base on gps be not available may i know why earlier it be there .
just try this out .
by shake mobile .
well i cant listen if anyone call me bt he or she can listen me . what should i do now .
love it .
great im system , that deliver a lot the crave feature most im apps don't have . very similar to the older version of kik , let's just hope it doesn't get dumbed down again like kik do .
can you make the account can be deactivate else make the wechat id can be change all the time i like .
i can't transfer over rmb 200 a day without have a china bank account as i'm hk wechat account .
love it .
why do i always stick at the moon picture i have uninstall and install it again about a hundred time . if this time it happen again . i won't download thia app again . 4ever . i mean it .
face the problem that send the voice message out but cannot hear by third party .
it be a very useful app .
why we chat when u have phone service you can text and call and also play game . we chat be so bore and u have skype , oovoo , face time and other thing to go with them .
increase character maximum for the whats up .
wow nice app i will kil who make this wastevapp remove your app from playstore .
this application be very hard to download via mobile courier .
its nice to use the app coz its , cheaper .
wechat reward 2016 very poor , poor and very bad .
thank for the best app but you must put a delete account button or another phone number that be recycle use your wechat to cheat and fake another user by use you profile picture your detail and the other please take it seriously especially malaysian user the telco always recycle phone number so my wechat still with others take it down put an delete account button to prevent any people use our old wechat thank .
its too slow and it always show your wechat be not respond and it kinda annoy me .
i couldn't install it . come on . wtf .
keep tell me that my location isn't on even though it iso .
love it .
it always say that i need to verify my account .
the best .
a very good quality of sound for the video call , many sticker , doesnt lag that much , the most app that i like . thumb up 5 star .
i set up a new account use same number after that i can't open my old account .
ypu be have a problem woth your location . everytime i check for nearby people i be always direct to china , even though im not from there . please do somethng about it . i have wait but i think no action be do , still the same and your help service page doesnt work .
we chat .
love attridgeville .
like it .
in we chat i can't here any one voice .
good stuff .
it doesn't detect my location . pic won't load .
work great .
. u will come to love this apps more and more .
i really hate it . it's get on my nerve . i install it 5 time but still it can't . it always say insufficient storage . but the truth be it have enough space .
always force close when open favorite .
i love it .
i love it .
why my wechat keep can't receive any message , just like i have sign out . and when i reinstall in a same phone , it say i install in the new phone and all my previous conversation all go . please settle this problem .
why the sight be green blur .
good enough application .
hope have moment edit after post moment coz easy to add some word if forget .
we chat .
i can't use wechat on my iphone and android tablet simultaneously . please help and fix .
my wechat app not work properly . it's not show moment which be upload by my friend . face this problem since a month . plz solve .
please add some feature that we can view last online that would be so very helpful . thank in advance .
why there be an error 24 when i download wechat .
android user get absolutely nothing , its not fair how only iphone user have these update . ugh .
i like wechat .
except you won't know if the person have even see your message after you've send it .
why i didn't saw any luckymoney at menu samsung andriod 4 . 2 . 2 won't support or wechat apps problem .
it keep say that wechat have stop and i cannot open it , while all other apps be work fine .
how to make a new wechat account .
could you please make the maximum friendlist up to 10 .
cool awesome superb lovely guy it's cool don't now what to say .
i hate when i don't get a pin number an they ask for my pin number .
if people want to see back the chat history it can take long time because if someone chat history already 1 year how to search .
can u please tell me how to delet my account forever .
stick at the load at the earth screen . fix it please and i will give better rate .
i cant login . i also lose my old phone number to recovery it . what should i do . help .
hike be a way better .
do not install this useless app . my account block can't unblock even follow their instruction still have do nothing to restore don't use this app .
how to go back .
good for communication .
make theme for wc like line . it will be cool .
need to improve option of ppl near by and try to block all fake ids . many fake id's be there so kindly do the needful to actual we chat user .
please add the feature like whatsapp to know whether the receiver be in online otherwise read receipt .
can you save sight in the next update please .
hi recently i have instal wechat in my phone , but there be no option people near by option . so please help . how to issue be resolve .
unable to login use facebook . first its say that facebook connect be not available but now when i enter my fb password it say wrong password but its the right password and i do type the same password many time but the result still nil . please fix it .
very well because of it fast and easy communication .
half a billion people from the middle east it seem like .
i receive the notification when i open the app only . please fix it asap .
very useful to use .
i cant hear any sound when after im record a sight .
photo and sight won't show up in moment although i refresh many time . please fix the problem .
message doesn't want to go through .
that i have wechat msg .
when i try to watch on full screen , what can i see just a black screen with sound . thats all . fix it .
just love it .
love it .
couldn't see any picture from moment help . this problem have be exist for a few week .
this app lag and force close so much in my lenovo a60 although it have 1gb ram . fix it and i'll give 5 star review .
its be three hour and i can't recieve any confirmation code . i be sure my phone number be write correctly , i've check multiple time but no result . i may just uninstall . it's not worth it .
its still thesame . once again wechat team why cant i see my self online on the list of all member online now . and i even ask my friend to look for me on the online list but they cannot see me on the list of online people . please help me to fix this problem again . thank you and happy new year .
i try many time but no call go if someone receive the call , voice not come . still in the new version also .
cannot login . server error 1 . all my other application can open . but wechat can't . try uninstall and install again still can't . pls respond .
i cannot use people nearby .
what happen to we chat , continuously show me unable to load people nearby go to set and enable gps and use wireless network . i try it many time but still not load .
the photo from the moment section and the icon just won't show up and when i be try to share a photo on moment it just tell me that it's unable to upload my picture .
i think wechat be good .
the best .
and i want you to make this apps can search people from any country for example i want to choose japan and i search female only then they will show up all japanese female that use wechat . hope you make it . i will support you .
drift bottle should not have limit .
its awesome , i gat no problem with the app .
i can't delete amy account . i have a problem so i want delete my account but before i have see delete option but now update version have not this option . so i can't delete . i hale it . i hate it . i hate it .
why i cant sight if i want post video sight it cant .
i love the app very much .
this be the best way to talk with our relative or close friend i this app .
really cool .
this app be amaze i let me talk to my couisin no matter how far they be .
mute wechat team msges . dont want to see the pop up notification . but this app be fine . all it need be some improvement .
good luck 4me .
use full .
if i block a person realize i want to unblock him , but unable to find it , do it mean that person have block me or what .
love it .
shake time comming no result fount try again . why like this . please help me . now one day full continuesly same like this .
slide down to enable sight prompt always pop up . it's quite annoy .
i use this app to chat with friend happily .
too much permission ask for . if you don't allow , wechat can't run . i hate permission kidnap .
at new year , my friend can give away red pocket and keep the money they get but i can't find any button for that so i assume there be an update for that but i just don't have it . can please help me and answer my question . thank .
i use this app more than other app actually .
i can get many friend in wechat .
this be very awesome apps for chat , call , video call .
privacy be work here .
change company name from tencent , which be a dangerous censorship support chinese company .
it be a great app to stay in touch with friend who live abroad .
i can spend my time at do wechat .
cant view sticker at all .
really very well application .
love it .
u can't delete the account .
location data didn't work properly on 6 . 0 . 1 .
it be very annoy that i can't download it . my friend keep on tell me how great it be and that i should download it quickly . the problem be that u can't .
my wechat app be not open since i have download this new version . please help . or help me get back to the older version which be work fine . please suggest a version that work for samsung galaxy ace duo .
stupid app , tell me invalid file after waste my data to download it . pls , android market should remove this app from here .
i'm use samsung galaxy v . there be no walkie talkie button when i press in a group chat . it be kindda bore to chat sometimes by send mesagges . so i hope you can fix this soon . if you fix this , i will rate 5 star . thank .
why i can't change my profile pict and why i can't share video please fix it for 5 star .
i love this app .
why can't you use the basic album . the picture do not sort correctly accord new first .
i like it .
this application be recommend for who wanna try a new marvelous chat .
i forget my wechat password pls help me , i registrd my wchat use my old simcard number , now the simcard have be expred .
cool and happy new year everyone .
automatically add phone contact when click we chat out first time without ask any permission , unable to edit wechat out contact list . unable to delete account when you decide no longer use the app .
i think there be no bus .
what's the problem it say my session have expire every 3 second . like literally . please fix .
it's just keep say . wechat account or password error . i can't sign in my account for few day . so i uninstall it and install again , but still same .
i have write the right pass and it keep say wrong pass .
it say my account or my password be error , but i have already enter a correct detail . please fix this problem .
it will be much better with tag .
i can't log in to my wechat . i've try use sms , call and everything . its still can't log in . i want to change it to my own number also can't . not just that , i've try to change my pass it keep say invalid perimeter .
awesome and i love it forever . i really hope i can see a video call wait when someone online video call , i hope so as to avoid negative think , tq wechat .
best app .
the audio be not work , i can't hear the person i'm talk to . please tell me what to do . thank .
please fix my account . i truely confident that i get my id and password corret but its still can't get in . please fix it . thank . asap .
i can't play other's sight .
voice quality ridiculous as well as slow as turtle . i think turtle be better than it .
i don't have people nearby option please fix it .
its nt good wen i log offline if again v go to log its not right password its always problem .
love it .
i have just send email to the developer about removal account , how do it take to process . will be i inform that the account have already be remove . anybody reply .
new theme on 2016 wechat .
this app be very user friendly and the design be good . so far i use i never encounter any bug or problem on my samsung galaxy s3 , recommend to everyone .
it's cool .
it also stick at moon . many time i uninstall and install it's still stick at moon .
i want to down load we chat .
ios style look suck . and no cloud backup now . i don't have spread phone to backup my chat log .
i don't receive sms for verification code at all . neither the call for verification code option . too bad .
why my wechat moment not show what my friend share at money .
i'm unable to send any greet nor reply to any greet since update . such a waste of time . i have instal your program my computer , how can i find new people , how can i send reply to greet .
very friendly .
super good .
i love it .
what the wechat say .
hi dev team , when we use to shake our phone we be get notification contact of world wide . i would suggest you to improve your apps by provide current location or current county . we don't want any world wide contact . when we shake our phone we want only contact to be display near by or they should be from same country . please take this as higher priority and do the needful . thank regard gourav bhai .
its still thesame . once again wechat team why cant i see my self online on the list of all member online now . and i even ask my friend to look for me on the online list but they cannot see me on the list of online people . please help me to fix this problem again . thank you and happy new year .
love it .
keep stick since i open the app .
why the a cannot delete , quite disturb .
this be a cool way to chat not like instagram the thing i like about it be that there be no inappropriate thing especially because three year old be on it .
its okay .
i'm go to wait for 1 more update to see if i have to uninstall this . you've successfully annoy me . it somehow keep ask me for the location permission and if its not grant the app doesn't open . what's the point be this a threat or sth it should prompt up whenever the feature need it like ppl nearby and that shake feature . but ppl like me just use this to contact ppl the gps be not require don't threaten us get your fact straight if you want to grow your oversea market share .
i like it .
best , can chat , moment an other .
we make new freind .
so good .
now search seem useless . add in all my contact like three time idiot .
pull byk internet .
the translate be too bad all translate be wrong .
so best .
the current version be completely bug on marshmallow .
i dont want to explain more . just keep your problem fix then ill be fine .
verification code .
i can't access my nearby option , it show unable to load ur location data , try again . please help me .
feature of people near by you be not reflect in my phone . kindly rectify it .
nora , the five shoot star .
like it be sure .
although i'm use the latest version of wechat available at google play but wechat still make me login again into it , say that if i keep on use the older version of wechat then i'll be block .
you better make able the button block when use the people nearby mode . the block be important who be send the porn greet . its suck babe . i get many greet that involve porn word . because there be no button block at this mode . the people keep resend the porn greet .
the video chat quality be poor grainy not very clear . i use video chat a lot fix it and give you 5 star . other problem be that there be no option for mute when video chat .
good communication vid different world .
it will never let me download it properly . after download , it just stop work and force to close . i have an android and be that how u treat to it im do with it .
i have already change my profile picture , but it still viwing the previous picture at my account . when im chat with my friend , my friend saw me be the latest profile picture , but at my account it still viwing the previous profile piture . so please make improvement for this . thank you .
i really appreciate this social network side . bt i find alot of difficulty while search the people from nearby feature on wechat . that irritate me much . so i wanna advice u to just enhance the wechat little bite more .
after update all picture in moment and my profile picture blank . why .
great and great .
app not good .
i can't retrieve my account .
it's nice .
what go on .
i give 5 star because i love it so much , but i hope wechat have the button that can delete all the moment that we post at moment wechat .
don't waste it energy download i be rubbish , i give half star .
show that already link to another account .
i need to press the translation button twice before it will translate a text . please fix this .
good for me .
wechaters morning , if i may update this again wechat and can include the movie in the moment they be good please let me update it so strong again this wechat thank .
nice app . love it .
it's really cool .
i cannot do video call . when be try to do video cal . it's automatically convert to voice call . please suggest . except this all be very good .
i be use samsung mega 5 . 8 android version 4 . 2 . 2 i instal we chat but there's no option of people nearby you in my aap please do something n it's update version 6 . 3 . 8 otherwise i would have give u 5 star .
everything you need to get in touch to your love one .
unable to find people nearby . plus when i want to write at the moment , where i m at the location . it's not function .
i have fully function internet but i could not send message to any one . seem like it couldn't connect to backend .
add please . i hate that icon . shitt low rate no one listen to me . ok .
fair , good for each other to contact .
i can't video call even my connection strong . fix the problem .
from last 2 month i be not able to log in to we chat . it only show the main screen but not the log in page .
i need to on my wechat . urgent pls fix its .
im have problem send photo out to my friend . on wechat .
i cannot open my we chat apps . what to do need your help asap i will give you 5 star .
i'm go to wait for 1 more update to see if i have to uninstall this . you've successfully annoy me . it somehow keep ask me for the location permission and if don't grant and it the app doesn't open . what's the point be it this a threat or sth it should prompt up whenever the feature need it like ppl nearby and that shake feature . but ppl like me just use this to contact ppl the gps be not require don't threaten us get your fact straight if you want to grow your oversea market share .
awesome application but please add two thing one be to show see in the msg and show the online person .
i try more than 10 time instal wechat . but it completely buffer but not instal . i be very sad . tell me sollution to fix this problem .
can you tell me why i cant u walkie talkie feature i need it a lot , hope i can get answer from you as soon as possible . thank .
why be that function go please restore it for the next update .
once again wechat team why cant i see my self online on the list of all member online now . and i even ask my friend to look for me on the online list but they cannot see me on the list of online people . please help me to fix this problem again . thank you and happy new year .
love it this ap .
to remove account . nk button function .
best app in the world .
why my wechat can't send voice message for now i have to give 1 star only . please fix it .
wechat give me 60 inr for wechat out but when i try to call on mobile or labdline . it be say that call restrict to india due to local regulation .
this app be very easy to use . this be better that whatsapp .
please reply , i log out wechat and i want log in again , but i can't because wrong password , i want log in wechat please .
more feature than before .
pls improve app so that sticker still retain when cache clear . cos wechat cache take too much space after use awhile .
translation mean you can chat with anyone at all around the globe . great app .
i can video chat , share photo , and message my family and friend all over the world . one of the best social network out there .
wonderful app .
best app for chat .
this version we chat not work shake and throw in samsung galaxy s3 please check and clear it .
the app wont load at all .
run 80 meter without touch the grind .
very good .
very good app for chat .
. its good . thank wechat . im explore around the world .
we chat be good and nice .
i can't use sight after i update to 6 . 3 . 8 lel .
just download that .
i really love it .
good software .
hate it for wechat out now as it's no longer free which playback sound of video be mute after finish call with wechat out . why charge when it's not up to mark yet .
this be a very terrible app because when you try to sign in it would not want to let you have any conversation it even won't let you sign in the app .
i think it be best apps .
plss do somthing to knw that the msg send be read by the chatter on the other side .
cause can share anything .
my hp be lose account be use to scam therefore i want to terminate deactivate my ac but wechat doesn't allow it .
there should be a lite ver . of the app as it consume a lot of space and my phone's storage quite low , so i just uninstall .
why cannot record the short video .
when i call someone it say unable to call you be not wechat friend . what be that can you fix it . you can add one more feature that be friend visibility be on one or offline .
hi . i cannot drag down the chat to make a sight . do you have any solution it be really irritate when i want to make quick sight of funny moment but that problem really have really , by that i mean really disappoint . i've be use this app for 2 year and yet this be the first time i face this problem . be it have problem with my device or this app fix this developer and fix the button where it always mislead to something else , also fix the damn lagginess during type , dont you care about us .
i create my account yesterday , and be able to add friend and chat . then i get log out automatically today . try to log in again do not work my password say invalid and log in via sms tell me that my account be under protect status as it be log in via an unofficial app not sure how , as i have never use wechat before . i be then prompt to do an account recovery , which i can never get past . any idea thank .
wechat be da best way to improve sms or something cool .
still can't login with qq please fix this how do you remove wechat out do not need or want wechat out . please add a way to disable this feature . new update be still cause error .
love wechat but when in china . the location share feature use google map and well , google be block in china .
i like it .
that great .
samsung note 5 video effect very poor when take sight dark green in low light environment , i confirm get no problem with my camera , take perfect picture and video . can't find any solution . please advise .
haven't use it yet .
cool sticker , fast , nice video and callback feature . good job .
love it .
it be a great way to talk to people and it be all free .
connection's fast reliable and ui be nice , clean , and simple . have a lot of cool feature and privacy option too . the best most fun messenger app , at least in my experience . update remove two star because until now , the app still do not provide an option for cancel delete deactivate account permanently .
i'm very so mad with this app because everytime i see a picture or long message on moment below . i would have kick up . please fix this problem and i hope after this update , this problem already settle . thank you .
when i open wechat its hang . just show picture moon . cannot open . i want to wechatt . cannot openn .
why time i send the message , the messege be fo late to send , while my wifi be so fast .
this app be good in china most of the time however it do have glitch . in 2014 , i take a trip to hk and take some photo . i post ome of these to my newsfeed and one photo in particular didn't transmit it be a shack with an umbrella , it look interest , little do i think that it could be consider propaganda . i want to know be wechat monitor by the communist party even for wechat user overseas if it be then unfortunately there be better chat apps out there .
very good i like . if u want free still u have to pay 4 the internet .
i love it . i find a friend i haven't see since i be 4 or 3 year old during shake .
it be not the thing to text on .
love it .
great for use and good quality .
i love this app and thnx i m use this app .
why wechat cant send music or voice record .
why always middle east as shake prefer very hard for look some friend in asian country .
dislike flag button should be include . a black theme would be great .
be yet to get my foot on the grind , guess be gonna like wechat .
when i want to login it say wrong password please fix it .
when i want to post my sight frm the draft box , its dissapear . i cant find my draft sight anymore . now it also suddenly go to the top whenever i enter a picture at the moment .
people near by not work .
doesn't send the verification code when i want to sign up .
start now or never .
i can give u 5 star great app . but the load so slow and sometime fail . shake , ppl nearby , and bottle . all so slow . why this make me frustrate . i love this app .
help me chat with others while work on freshbooks .
it's take so long time to download it . but from use this app , we might have friend from other country n make a lot of new friend with different religion and country .
very good .
i can't access the backup and restore in my we chat . no matter which device i log in still can't find the function . please help .
when i open wechat its hang . just show picture moon . cannot open .
we chat be a very nice application and i enjoy use it . but after update most of the message be not go through . i be get an error message like too many attempt try again for even those who accept my request . really disappoint . kindly fix this minor yet serious drawback .
really disappoint to realize that wechat sport doesn't support nexus 6p . hope you guy will fix this in the follow release .
you have allow ma work .
i have few men from my chat keep on send disturb image of themselves . so when i report it , no action be take . after i delete and block them , wechat will send me a message state that they do not take any action since there nothing to investigate . seriously this app be make thing worse .
any my sign in . it take much time to wait . and it waste my time .
i love it .
the best .
this up be awesome its great .
social be not available .
my wechat voice msg be not audible . msg send receive both be null void after 2 hour . somebody please help .
love it .
sometimes the picture cannot be see . i post so many time but not work .
it's great . i just wish it would accept us debit credit card .
how can i change my profile pic please .
it's clear video u can see friend so clear weechat u rock .
not bad .
when i try to put my number in it won't let me add the 0 to the front and what's with the 61 at the start please help .
its good .
wechat too much use batery .
k . thank you . but i cant send the message . its keep load and load .
tau rat thich cai we chat nay vi co the choi game cf mobi duoc ngo laik ba dk nhek .
y i cannot download this app .
i dosent show the login button .
always show me the notification about wechat not respond , ask me to close it . and just now i reformat my phone and i reinstall wechat , the problem be same , and i can't receive any msg from other , i also can't to see any pic profile wechat friend , pls reply this be urgent , i always need to use wechat contact friend and family , now always load can't stop , already 2 hour .
after type it close down immediately n wipe all text if send voice it auto cut without permission .
this be the worse app . it use to be good . or at least acceptable . now all you get be unstable call connection . no matter if your use wifi or not . seriously this have to be the worst app . as soon as i find on that be even an ounce better this one will be delete .
i have it before i have this new phone and it work pretty well .
there be no people near by in my phone .
i'm so very mad with this app because everytime i see a picture or long message on moment below . i would have kick up . please fix this problem and i hope after this update , this problem already settle . thank you .
but consume more battery . please solve this problem .
i cant do any sight selfe . i cant use the front camera why .
it s a very good app .
i love it .
this always appear slide down to enable sight but when i try to tap slide down , the message quickly disappear . then the back button refuse to work so the only way to exit the app be to go to the home screen and kill the app .
i can't see to download wechat . i do a month or so ago , then decide to uninstall it . now i want to install , it say instal but after half an hour its still instal . pls advise .
keep show the wechat moon logo n crash n keep crash . pls fix it . i really like wechat but now i cant even open it . pls fix . thank you .
i can't switch my account , no more display in login screen can be choose , pls fix it .
i cant tag people inside a group . whenever i try to tag , it will restart wechat .
i love we chat cause i can make friend on there .
very good .
after the update i can't upload my contact friend . how can i add my contact when everytime i search it show nothing . upset .
meet new friend with people nearby and it's very funny of drift bottle .
very good .
phone battery consume fast and phone generate heat . battery leave 30 within 1 hour from fully charge . i need to force stop this app after each usage so that battery consumption back to normal and phone temperature will drop as well .
great app for video talk to international friend free . sometimes issue connect and add friend .
love it .
i like it .
i dont know if chat have be deliver or not , read or not , even i dont know if the person online or not .
have problem receive in come msg for note 5 which delay until you open the apps only notification ring . pls resolve .
i think that we chat would be better if you could see when someone read your message , not just when they be type . there should also be more customization , we should be aloud to change how we see the chat .
i love wechat , i use it everyday . however , i be change to another device and the qr code for chat log migration be still not work every time i scan it , it just open up a blank site and didn't restore the chat . please fix this . i want my old chat log .
its a great little gem of a app to have . entertainment . need a tweek with keep track with my location . keep say can't find my location . yet do the day before . improve on that and you have it .
i try it but it be not let me on .
no result find on wechat shake .
i really love it . tq wechat team .
love this app .
nice easy to use .
still not work for me .
for whatever the reason whenever i update some new problem always crop up . last time i update i lose the ability to tag people in text . try update to fix that problem now my translator never work .
i recently do the update and it stop work . keep tell me to check internet connection .
please indian people do not download this app .
this be amaze really try it really do .
i'm satisfy with it .
i hope wechat will be like line , i will tag read or see when it see by the others and i also hope it will tag a name when someone send your name card just like add from name card share by x because i always dont know who share my name card to the others . i hope these suggestion will be the next update .
i can't call whenever i try to call it's show network error and disconnect and instead of this when i be try on other social medium it's work properly only on wechat face problem . need help if possible .
how can i confirm my number if no call sms service work , fix it .
once i will be chat with someone seriously and it get hang suddenly and i won't be able to type nor open my wechat and after few mint it say wechat be not respond properly and have to stop it pls take a look at it .
i re download because my wechat be full , when bufring load , always stick at 2 and 3 then force close pls fix it . i will give 5star if u fix it .
the wechat app be not load my location data and therefore i'm not able to find people nearby . the previous version use to work fine in my droid but the new version be irritate me a lot . now , this app be of no use if i can't explore new friend in my locality .
love it , but why it can't save the chat history .
my float window not work please fix this .
i can chat with ma friend . i love it .
i love everything accept that fact that when i want to restore my chat history , i have to migrate to another phone . other app doesn't need two phone to restore the chat history . please fix this and i'm will to give 5 star .
version 6 . 3 . 8 i don't hear notification when there's a new message come , even with volume turn on and unmute chat . use samsung s4 .
i use this app so long and now say i'm not compatible with my phone asus 4 .
please fix the quality of the sight and image . especially the image quality . its blur when you post it on moment and view it on other wechat account . please fix it and i will rate five star for sure .
some people nearby be not work .
gud job .
my bad think this be a sms text application not a web chat application to log everything . don't like the idea log everything and list my phone number .
no notification for new incoming message i have to run wechat time to time to check for new incoming message someone send me a message 9 . 01pm but no notification phone didn't ring nor vibrate . i only retrieve it at 10pm when i run we chat . please fix the delay .
yet to use it duo .
good app .
hi , none of the video and photo in follow accouts be visible . could you please help .
u can never find someone near you use the shake option , result will mostly show someone hundred or thousand km away , i be quit this app soon , not worth your time .
lousy service that never reply when you drop them an email . hard to backup these day .
after update fail on voice call . friend list who call cannot listen from my side although restart phone or log out and log in again .
after the latest update . i cant even change my profile picture and others profile be also not visible .
and i want you to make this apps can search people from many country for example i want to choose japan and i search female only then they will show up all japanese female that use wechat . hope you make it . i will support you .
cool chat apps but the size be quite big .
i cant do use sight selfe . and i dont have the red envelope option . i be from uk . i cant use the front camera why .
can't search use people nearby .
it be say that my phone number be invalid how can that be possible i be use viber on the same phone number but wechat can't recognise my phone number please fix this .
let's chat together as one's .
get some problem when load , never finish load , can't open wechat , help please . thank you .
i like it .
why always show the message say that too many attempt . try again later when i want to add and find my friend .
i can sight thru my wechat . why it happen .
i will give 5 star if you can fix this . this be the third time i re install wechat . and still . can't make voice and video call .
i can easily chat with my friend .
we chat .
but you should add online logo . to know who be online .
keep load , load and load .
i can install it but i can't log in . always lag .
when i log in with facebook , wechat say can't log in . but my facebook's e mail and password be correct .
it's the best communication i know .
very nice .
love it .
i find the love of my life and we chat help bring us together .
love the apps . great .
very good app but it's hang my device .
i hate it when i change device or reinstall the app , all my chat history be go . please fix it tho .
why there be no option to see last see . and there be serious lag for give notification . app be battery kill too .
i have to get this for s calendar .
just only a backup to cloud .
how can i transfer my old message into my new device .
easy to comunication .
do this version have wechat wallet .
thank alots to you
nice one .
force close on friend verification . pls fix it . uninstalling it never gonna use it again . pathetic .
i like the best for my frend speed up the everything for we chat about the very best of the best my friendship .
for in old version 6 . 3 . 8 . 65 .
excellent application .
nice app .
make this app have delete account .
i can't get a verification code . why i need help about this .
atleast in shake first it should show . people within 10 km then it should increase km . and also there must be people who r online . not the profile who have not login from year .
why can i recall mssgs or pic whenever i send thru chat before i can do it but now there be no recall only delete . pls help .
good but not good .
why i can't to download we chat .
i like it .
add option . online , see , time . then we chat more beautiful .
sight function doesn't work text slide down to . disappear when i touch it . app slow down my phone drastically . way to get to receive greet very unpractical .
hi . i cannot drag down the chat to make a sight . do you have any solution .
when use shake option it be show no result find every time .
after update the latest samsung software , unable to use voice msg ,
it cant detect my location although my locator be on . cant even chat new set of people .
this good .
when i dont have open wechat , the message wont come out , when i in wechat all message come out pls fix it .
really not like it i super love it .
no last see and see or other way to know when your friend be online .
i can't send message what happen .
the best .
i'm use a new phone . and i would like to backup my chat . so when i log in my wechat in my new phone , all my chat be still there . but it doesnt work .
it be ok before bt after the new update it oftenly hang and make it worst app .
can video call can share thing can post .
take time in introduce the globe . i already know that the globe look like that .
if chat at wechat no simbol or bluetick see so we dont know if we've be read text or not so i hope this apps can do diffrent thing right now .
my fav app but grp call limit should b more den 15 it just 9 .
hi my account block because someone report my account . can i know who report my account .
it take more space of memory .
very good .
another one my life .
dear how to delete one of my account from wechat . i have two account . kindly guide me thank .
please make it available to delete number of moment all at once .
very good app .
it seem that wechat can only display text msg on the watch and do not support direct reply as whatsapp and telegram .
i want see my wechat i'd in nearby .
connect to facebook be easier .
i can't open wechat app after instal it . it keep stucking at the moon .
easy to use .
i want to sight with front camera its weird to sight with back camera .
the best chat apps .
how could i make a free international call to phone number . kindly suggest me the version that can useful to me for make free call to phone number . thank .
it's really sad to know that , i can't see my friend online like we see in facebook . everyone will be very glad if you could fix this problem . thankx .
why i can't open this wechat it's never happen to me before this . because i use the older version . i keep wait and it still at the same screen full moon . this not only happen to me but also to my sister . so we keep try to download it again and again but it still the same . please help me . i really want to use this apps .
i want to sign up wechat but every time it be say that the number be invalid . please guide me to cope the situation .
why be my moment can't view the picture and sight i can't upload any picture . please fix this asap .
i use voice msg chat but why sometimes cannot record and i try to backup all chat also cannot .
there be no way to backup the chat history . the old method be great but no longer available . come on tencent , have you think about people who want to reset their phone .
this app cant be instal to my phone idk why .
very good apps in the social network .
all rounder fantastic .
i love it .
don't waste your time . the lay out doesn't even include all basic function . like delete a photo then when try to delete profile . it say that's not support . idk how this crap even have a good rat .
it can't read my location although i have turn gps , wifi and mobile data on .
only can login in one device , can we login in two device .
why my wechat doesn't have backup restore chat history please help me . this be important . i want to backup my chat history .
if someone send me a photo , can i download it and if i block someone can he she open our chat box thank .
could you please bring back cloud backup for chat history it's kind of sad to see that feature go .
please help me delete my wechat account .
we chat .
why i cnt hear what ppl r record to me when i put my phone on my ear plz fix n help .
after this update i'm have problem with view my friend's moment on their profile . i can't seem to be able to see the album moment .
one problem when i sake my mobile nothing find result plz solve it .
very good app .
sometimes can hear sometimes get problem , please solve asap .
try sign up but it keep say that there be too many operation . please fix .
sight be no longer in where you pull down from chat . so inconvenient . pls make it like before . tks .
why be it that i couldnt find people when im shake . help please .
congratulation . wechat be the only app i have which doesn't work with cm13 .
my fon recently get problem . so i uninstall my wechat . now i install wechat my all wechat contact lose . my fren send to me important news all lose . i want old wechat message all .
as an app , it should have a way to delete wechat account . but wechat don't have . user need to email developer request to delete which be no response at all pleasa update and make it user friendly .
i cant install weechat . but it can be download . y be this .
can't get the others moment . always have too install and this application take too long period to have it . so mess .
i already give permission to everything and to have wechat access my info but app cannot be open .
i love this app .
i love we chat so much .
its cool but most people don't know it . my problem be i dont see the walkie talkie option . i really love it .
i be not satisfy with this app because there be no outbond call option like line out and viber out .
this be a really great communication app , better than any other i've find . but sadly with the last update they take a cool feature away . please bring back the walkie talkie . i know it be silly but you've no idea how much we use it . it's one of those feature that just make it fun to talk again .
we chat provide better sticker than whats app , hike bollywood sticker the best .
pls fix we chat team i rate this app 5 star .
my message do not come through unless i go into that person profile , then all message that be send by that person will come through . it be very irratating .
hey firstly my shake option ain't work properly . i mean before it use to be like people who use to shake their phone all over the world be show and that use to comprise of many people but now that's not happen for a couple of month . secondly , people be add me by my user id despite of block em . plz look into these matter .
i love it .
i can no longer find the chat history backup restore button . i can also no longer save any picture that be send in chat , which mean you will lose your picture and also cannot share them outside of wechat .
love it .
i really love it be to nice .
ok cant log in to my wechat .
i wish to have it .
what be red envelop . why i dont have that .
why i can't use people nearby each time open , it's hang .
but you should include a notification if the message be see by the receiver like in facebook and whatsapp .
this app change my new .
best app .
my custom emoji doesn't show up in preview , and some of them become blank i cannot send the emoji now , please try to fix the error .
it's a great app for my phone , but i don't know how to get it onto my moto 360 , could someone help with this .
it just keep on say that my account be in private , and need to verify . but when i do , it keep on ask my cp number . when i already fill the gven information it keep mention about security , i just dont know how to deal with it , can you tell me how .
i have problem with photo on moment , it display black image .
always send the same message its like no one want to fix this problem . we chat be like a junk now .
life in major city of china revolve around this app . so it be necessary . but it be really good , efficient , and have fun feature .
great . chat time .
good apps .
i very love it for my wechat tq .
i have 800 contact on my wechat account please add tick botton or make all contact easy to delete .
everyone need this for ppoping .
photo cannot show up in moment .
why i cant install this app . i have 2gb but i cant install it . blur .
there be no way to backup the chat history . the old method be great but no longer available . come on tencent , have you think about people who want to reset their phone .
why it want to take phone number please answer me .
i can not see my chat file picture that have be send in a conversation . it always come up with the error message unable to download . i'm not sure if other people be have this problem or not , but i would like to know why it be happen .
app be not find what can i do .
my sight with green screen note5 here .
seem not to work at my acer acornia tab . please fix it .
i can't instal my wc after i format my phone . the device be not accept my instal . why wc can be use for all kind of phone right so why can't be instal .
before it be fun to search people nearby us but dont know why you remove that option .
be it we chat block me i can't send out my message from today . can i help me to fix it .
love it its awesome .
. need interface upgrade update just like any other social apps .
i love this .
the emotion problem . my save emotion all cant use and sometime it will stop the screen . i be force to open up my battery for reboot . please fix as fast as possible .
cannot record slight .
simple , clean , and well craft .
hi have be wait for my answer but didn't receive any reply from your wechat team i'm shake my phone and all the iran , iraq , yemen etc be come in the shake list i'm from india i need people from india so please fix this bug asap .
i want more interest on this app . plz .
unable to use nearby place .
it's good but my sis dose not let me have apps .
the user be indian people . why .
awesome app .
love it .
i can sight thru my wechat . why it happen .
why i cant log in it while i have several time install and uninstall it .
why i cant post without a picture how can i post word only without have a picture .
great app for social network .
love it .
after i update the app , it wont open and force close .
other function work well except for the video be post in the moment . i cant watch the video be in the moment . when i tap to watch it the image dont come out but simply dark screen but the sound can be hear . hope you can fix this . i use zenfone 2 .
the perfect chat app .
wish there be widget for the app .
i currently use samsung note 5 . why i cant record sound clip . please help .
why can't put chat background lol .
send phone book to who know where , an unsavory price for message some but widely use .
its not user friendly , all contact not in , all log go too .
its very useful thank you .
hope you can put see and the time last open if his online just like in whats up so you know if you can call . thank you .
i cant save picture from chat .
this app be easy to download and have brillant feature that not all messagung app have definitely would recommend to any one .
notification be not show unless i open the ap . once open , all the message alert will come through . be really good while on the s4 , however not so great on tge s6 edge .
have it for a day love it .
the best chat app in the market .
nice app .
this be gay .
why i cannot see my old moment and my friend moment .
if your phone should have only one app . this be the app .
great app . who ever create it god bless them ok . great app .
app keep on freeze , very frustrate but when it work its helpful and easy to use .
in this process of money redem no rs . can receive us .
sometimes it need to restart the app to receive new message .
amaze apps .
i love this app it be an amaze app .
work fine and successfully link with some of my friend .
this app be so useful because me and my friend could chat so much thank for this app i love this device i would never get rid of it i love it .
love it .
u can't delete your account . worst app ever .
this be a terrible application . the mobile number be not only use for verification purpose , it be also display publicly on my profile . there's no option to delete the account . the support team doesn't seem responsive so far . i hate this application , i don't recommend it at all .
i try to log in to my wechat but it keep say log in but it still cant be open . please help me with this .
i have participate in wereward december 2015 only for freecharge coupon for this we have get 200 balance . but when i get those 200 and go on to redeem for freecharge coupon i shock to see there be no coupon of freecharge when i be at 190 also freecharge coupon be there but now i be cheat by wechat i waste 20 day on this for nothing don't blame customer it's bad for u only .
exceptionally good .
very easy to use i like wechat .
after i update to latest version , i cant see my own cover photo and also my friend's photo . i just can see profile picture and text only . what wrong huhh please help me .
hope new update voice call with 5peoples .
terrible compatibility with marshmallow . i cant scroll down in detail news page , it auto scroll to the top every 2 or 3 second .
can't open the app .
it be a great way to communicate with people all over the world .
i really like this new version .
hai try to log into my account with my user id sumat3 and it say it need to be verify by send a code to my phone but i try it somany time do send and messeg . i even press resend mutiple time . and pls help me to login my old wechat account .
my samsung s6 can't voice talk , the button can touch but cannot record the voice , pls fix it .
my wechat be always not receive any of notification and if i didn't open my wechat it won't receive anything that my friend send me a message . and sometimes i have to uninstall the app and reinstall it only can use .
after up to date new version many time unfortunately .
people nearby option remove . why .
yesterday my shake feature come back . today it be lose again . and i wish there will be unlimited bottle to pick .
awesome app .
some muslim just like to report others account .
please upgrade this segment . just starfish pop up when find the bottle . and why you put the limit in this side . u get a milion people download this aplication . please dont put the limit . i wait 24hr for find new bottle . please .
the overall experience of this app be perfect . however , i'm not able to migrate chat history from my iphone to my nexus6 in mainland china . i really hope that this could be fix soon .
when i video call or try to take a video with sight my back camera be all green on the galaxy s6 edge .
i still can't log in . what should i do .
just today , i reset my phone due to apps keep on crash . now i couldn't log in to my we chat account . please fix this .
still download for 3 hour . why so late idgaf .
it's ok .
the latest version of the app doesn't work . when i open the app it will just display the globe with a man thing picture but will never start to load . please fix this asap , thank you .
yesterday my shake feature come back . today it be lose again . and i wish there will be unlimited bottle to pick .
i think wechat have more advance feature than other application like viber n whatsapp .
the only way to .
best of use .
stick at the moon .
i very like this apps .
where can i find option to restore my backup data where be the feature please put it back .
the photo and sight won't show up in moment although i refresh many time . please fix the problem .
thank for your .
im use samsung galexy trend lite . in the new version there be no voice call option . im have trouble .
why i can't use voice only can type msg only . problem for the new vision . i'm use samsung s6 .
i love meet new people .
its simple and best .
why i cant log in to my acc it stick at the man and earth and i cant proceed after it . pls solve the problem asap .
i can't log in use my number and it say my account do not exist but my friend still see my account . what a terrible system .
i have just send email to the developer about removal account , how do it take to process . will be i inform that the account have already be remove . anybody reply .
location problem plz help me .
why do android not have as many emoticon as apple rather lack .
it be so useful to communicate with friend .
please allow basic text message even when no permission be grant .
very nice .
hi can you help me delete my wechat account permanently .
i always need to clear the wechat data and need login back , please fix it , in one week i need to clear a 3 time , when i clear , i login back it not have my old massage , please again , fix it .
i can't restore history message with latest version 6 . 3 . 8 . i cannot find the backup and restore button . it be not in the general and also not under chat . the new chat history be only mean for migration to another phone . i can't restore wechat history from the same phone . why be that feature be remove it be there last time . please put back that feature .
love this app .
this account be belong before to another person and now its mine , when i open my account now arrive a message that this nom use by other .
only problem be 96 of the arab with gender status set as female be actually pervert male . so be careful how you interact with the arab . would have give a 5 but wechat doesn't verify properly on this matter . good luck .
i hate it bcuz it doesn't do the job that they say it should .
this be one of the best free video voice call apps you can get . 3 star only because for regular text chat it be very unreliable with its notification . i want it to replace facebook messenger which be extremely reliable with notification , but doesn't look like this one be ready .
not good .
stick at moon man screen . cant do anything .
nice app now i can make clear video call but please i want clear all block friend . i don't want to still see them again .
hi instal this app in my phone from a long time but i didn't register account up till few minute from now . i want to ask . this app consume a lot of phone power and data traffic be there a problem i find this in parameter for long time . moreover all synchronization be off . i may change the review after get satisfy answer .
never believe it .
chat , voice call , video call , check moment , shake , drift bottle . all slowi want upgrade my wechat .
i can't start a video or voice call . always ask to send an invitation for call . worst update .
i love it .
i love .
start from yesterday , this crappy app keep randomly log out my account for time out and have unofficial version then block my account .
very slow to receive message even if my connection be very good .
i have asus zenfone 5 and i be not abke to install , after download its show not able to install error 24 .
good app if u provide a date shake then now half a billion be use then half a world will use make it we chat make it possible .
plz select the opestion male female . sarching .
seriously please set a function that can delete those comment on my own post please fix .
firstly i'd like to say that you guy always ingonre my complaint . the shake feature ain't work properly . many people be also add my name through my id inspite of block em . i hope that you will look into these two matter .
suddenly log out when im online . its my acc just be hack i cant do anything . its just error when i want to log in . its say wrong password . also cant retrival . my number that use by that acc be expire . its become more diffucult . please help me . i cant do anything . pleasee .
it suck .
love it .
ever i try to translate any language but its translator not work properly so please solve this prob huryy .
can chat with our old friend i meet my old friend .
when some one accept me as a friend or some one msg me that same time it's show not respond and after that login its take too much time .
why i update can't login my id i already use any method also can't login my id .
i can't look around anymore in people nearby and it always quit to chat immediately when i approve them . i can't see sight who post in moment . please fix it .
do not install this useless app . my account block can't unblock even follow their instruction .
be do this all because of a game .
awesome . many girl .
recently . my phone when want to post picture . the sort be not from the newest . but show the oldest and need scroll down until the end .
i cant even open a voice file in my wechat everything in wechat be ok but why have thise third party app problem i hope it can be solve in next update .
previosly when photo i select and download all at the time , after new version i have update , nw if i wan to download picture have download one by one cant select at the same time and download , be not friendly user .
can you make a pop up notification for wechat i would really appreciate it .
i love it .
doesn't even connect to my wifi .
good for me .
we can share video from our divice .
why i can't open it . frustrate .
love it .
i cant download this . new version be suck . hope you fix it . i also like this app .
so good .
i cant do use sight selfe . and i dont have the red envelope option . i be from uk .
lovely app .
i think i just update it for nothing . nothing change in my opinion . be there anything change .
with my huawei nexus 6p , run android 6 . 0 . 1 i can record voice message , but then they don't get send , as if i abort the record . know issue .
somehow slow after the update .
where can i find option to restore my backup data .
sometimes it laggs a lot in wechat can u fix the prob .
i can install it but i can't log in . always lag .
very like .
everyone need this .
whenever i shake my phone , it show me no result find . i m not able to send greet to my friend nor i can recieve any greet now . please u be request to fix my problem .
nice app .
love it .
awasome app .
use mm6 . 0 , the app cannot detect insert memory card .
may i know why my xiaomi3 hold to talk then cant send out my voice .
previous version be best . can't locate people nearby even though my location be turn on and i'm use a galaxy note3 .
i use to be able to download pic from a conversation and save them to my phone . i don't have that option anymore . long press give me about every other option but not the option to download .
why photo and sight wont show up at my moment although i refresh so many time . fix up please .
unlike any other app this social network don't have ad . it be easy to use and i've be use it for more than 2 year and don't have any problem about the app .
why can't i use this feature today it respond no result . if it only me then i have nothing to complaint . but my friend can use it without any problem .
why cant force close after go in wechat and why the sight will show when chat pls fix it .
hai wechat , there's something that i want to request , i've add some contact in my do not share list so they wont see my unnecessary post . but how about with the new contact that just add with me i also didn't want them to see my previous post together with my do not share contact list contact . instead of block them from my moment , i still dont want these new contact to see some of my unnecessary previous post . so pls change the setting . its unhappy to know when the new contact can spy on me .
when i hold to speak . it wouldn't register as a message and nothing happen .
why my wechat cannot open the sight even it cannot play it at the moment . i have refresh it many time but still same . please help . fix it .
the sticker must buy .
lol this be soo fun to use .
why everytime i want to chat to chat but suddenly it force close . plese fix dis .
any problem with block option there be no answer and never do block .
i love this app its the best i meet a lot of people .
why i can't change my wechat what's up it always operation unsuccesaful . please fix it . tq .
its my account but i cannot delete unwanted comment on my post because there's no option for that . hope youll fix this on your next update and pls allow us to store more sticker .
sad af all of my conversation have be delete like im clear data . but i didnt do that . hm . i want my old conversation i want it . please .
when i turn off the location permission for wechat , it force me to reopen it otherwise just quit totally . other thing be i can't share my google photo or google now on tap directly . it show unable to load the resource . hope to fix it soon .
how to use this app .
sms wont come to verify when i register . i try call but it wont call me either i wait 2mins edit thank you for fix it .
i try to log into my account with my user id and it say it need to be verify by send a code to my phone but it never do . i even press resend mutiple time . can you please help me .
why i can't use call please help .
it have intrigue feature .
if u give us to bill pay or recharge option promo code i'll give 5 star .
why be it that i cant use this feature ive already check my location setting and its all enable for wechat . please help .
this application very excellent .
make unlimited chance to pick up the bottle instead of only 6 chance . it will become more communicative .
hai there . just wanna ask wechat team about my wechat contact . my contact keep on lose . suddenly my wechat logout automatic logout . when i sign in again , i find my contact in wechat be lose . why be there anything wrong with wechat now .
its stick at the earth picture . please tell me what to do and fix it asap .
my shake function isnt work from today .
read my sms , contact and more . can't even deny the permission if you be on marshmallow .
still its not work , same problem be continue , there be no any further movement from the main screen .
its good but its awesome .
please help . this be a persist problem .
this app be very nice .
wechat use fake user in drift bottle and shake feature deceive other real user , so be careful of those false account and false user who work for wechat . totally , be deceive and a waste of time .
love this .
talk to some over sea's be make a lot easer with this app .
not good .
thank for this program . very good application . but why history not save .
i want to reopen old wechat me . but , i forget my password for wechat old . my old wechat info also incomplete . there be no link with facebook . i have no qq id . telephone number also do not update . but i remember my id . how can i go back please help me .
why i can't change my cover picture please fix it . please .
i want to delete my account but there be very complicate option to delete account . and moreover wechat team do not reply to request for delete account . that's not fair .
i hate it . it take forever just to upload my profile picture . it suck . dont install this app .
best chat app .
i cant seem to use the sight feature by pull down the main chat screen .
i recently download the wechat app . it work perfectly fine the first day , however 24 hour later i be notify that my login have expire and i need to log back in . however , when i try to do so a notice pop up say your account be log in via an unofficial version of wechat . for your security your account have be set to protect status . please click ok to verify your account and try log in again when i click ok , i'm take to a page where i need to select my country and enter my phone number as this be the id i use to verify my account , i enter the relevant information and click to request a verification code , after the timer run out i don't get any code . i've click resend , i've repeat the entire process from begin to end with the same result , no code receive i've try the code via phone call which only take me back to the notification of use an unofficial version of wechat . i've uninstalled the app and re instal it , i've try older version i've even download it from different market . many attempt later i do eventually receive an sms with a code however , i didn't work and now upon try to log in i get a message say wrong account or password , however i be enter the correct information . any help would be appreciate . thank .
not good .
i love it .
simple as it's .
very good .
love this application .
especially website .
please fix it .
this version need location permission , or the app can not be launch .
nice to have a account in wechat .
its work .
hi guy . this be best app . but nowadays my shake not work properly . some chinese people simultaneous only i get . please clear my problem .
photo be not be send , still stick on 0 even after restart my phone twice . please fix asap .
i cant sing out plz help .
very good .
we chat .
what the f k i press back button to quit wechat but it stay still i think my back button have break .
it still have problem especially on search engine like people nearby it slow down when you reach on third search . please do take note and action on this , because i'm expect a fun experience with a great service or application .
love it .
why my friend send me a message i can't receive my friend say they have send me a message but my wechat doesn't receive it . please make it better .
pull down of the main chat screen for the sight be not work on my samsung galaxy mega lte . please fix this tq .
i download most if e sticker in my wechat bt after sometime i discover all my sticker go n even my emoji icon also go wat happen hw to retrieve back all e sticker i download pls fix tis . thxs .
shake feature doesnt work .
cannot send voice record at wechat . i try reset phone alrd . at first be ok . after that cannot send voice message again . i reset phone . reinstall wechat . still the same .
so good . i get many new friend at we chat . i very like it .
you can express everything .
when i want to post a picture the picture don't come out . how to solve this problem .
can chat with my friend .
unavailable to send and receive image .
thats good .
why cant force close after go in wechat and why the sight will show when chat pls fix it .
very useful .
love it .
you use it you will love it .
why i can't open my wechat i always keep download and uninstall . always same thing happen . when i open it , it's show the picture of earth and people . that's all . i hope you fix it . because i really want to use it . thank you .
when i use shake function it show no result find no matter how many time i try plz check and reply .
i love it .
please help me fix my wechat tencent . i want to install it again . please help me fix it as fast as possible .
the best .
that's not your business .
too slow before it come up sometimes never .
wechat , i highly recommend this app to have in front camera for sight . mostly this app only have sight for back camera . if wechat can sight for in front camera , i think this app will be the best app ever . please fix it .
i can't use friend radar and people nearby redmi 2 mobile phone . i want this option .
unable to connect to people nearby and unable to post for 3days . i love we chat . please help . ty .
it's very slow mostly show server down .
best appl to use .
thank i find it . but now i want to suggest you their be a glitch or might be you make like that . when we search drift bottle there be a few chance everyday cam understand but why you people count those when we won't find any drift bottle and throw back . please don't count make it simple .
garbage app , need to clean up the community . chinese people with fake account scamming use nearby feature . garbage app i would give it a negative start if i could .
fastest mean of communication , reach round the world .
i really wish that they could fix their message cause they be cheap to fix it and be try to a business ddi .
i love it its a great app nd i thnk u should all try it .
totally waste of time . if you live in the usa . than this app take your location and place it in asia . figure what a bloody waste of time .
as mention in the app itself , only send location , search , shake , and people nearby require location access . why prevent the app from even start when not all user use those functionality on a regular basis .
it's not comparable to any network .
cant download after format my phone . it keep say parse error .
i m not gettin the option of nearby in my discover option . , . sort it out asap .
not sight moment in my samsung why .
miss someone because this application .
very stupid .
please fix it . i don't know how it do happen . already be for 4days already . please fix asap . or i'll rat more star .
how i want get a new wechat in same number .
love it .
sometime good for me .
i send a greet to my friend that i find in wechat . but i can't view or see my greet that have send . i be able to view or see reply before the update .
no comment .
all i can see be the fvking picture of moon .
this app be to good because this be a great app and great .
wechat notification delay keep on mess my message fix it pls .
since today morning , i be try to login sign up , but i m not get verification code thru sms , i be not get call to give the code . try all step . but invein .
it require permission to make and manage phone call . i don't want it to make phone call but it insist on the permission in order to start . they don't seem to care about user privacy .
i like the throw bottle from the old version .
good app .
do not show me drift bottle feature n shake take too much time and please reply why i can't uae drift bottle feature .
i like .
others messenger can , but whatsapp can't .
everytime i try to set up a group chat , the app crash .
some if the sight disappear itself and i cant see other moment .
my phone be sony experia sola , with 6 . 2 . 2 version i cant use nearby people feature . it say unable to load my location even i turn on my gps . pls fix it .
always like that . haiya .
supar app vedio call very fst and klin pichaer .
drift bottle should not have limit .
i m not get notification when i receive new message .
it's nothing special now in wechat . after update many function be disable or unable to operate . specially the translation option . please fix these soon .
hope hv limit update with ace .
seriously awesome .
5 star .
i love use wechat but it will be better if there be theme and can be know the message be read . thx for create wechat , keep it up .
i love it .
in wereward dec 2015 there be freecharge offer in 200 point . but suddenly it get disappear when i reach at 200 point . this isn't fair a kind of make us fool .
be it my wechat problem or it be come from you guy .
i'm try to transfer the chat history from a window mobile phone to an android . but the window app be behind in update so it still have the option to backup , but i cannot find a way to transfer it anywhere else . the pc app doesn't work with window phone . i honestly do not know what to do . there be no integration between the system .
this wechat be great .
this be a amaze app .
i cant see my profile picture , my friend picture and other people picture .
can't find the people nearby feature . it's not in the discover section .
it keep log out when go back to menu screen . fix it pls .
the older version be better . there be no way to find near by people in new version . please clear the problem .
bar brother .
why do the sight didnt work can you fix it .
how to delete my account .
triea to mugrate my chat from another phone . not worjing properly at all . pls . provide some cloup backup and restore or proper migrate option to new phone . please . please .
5 star . i really like it . just one i want , please update sight moment in 15 second .
great app .
err . how do i back up and restore chat history i use to be able to do that in older version . why would you remove such a crucial feature even after try to backup use window wechat , you have no idea where the backup be . it say backup on phone , but where on phone if it's on the phone's internal storage then that's useless to me , cause i need to wipe it clean to reinstall the system . if it's on the sdcard , then where compare to the backup restore feature of whatsapp , wechat's be an absolute joke .
my we chat be update few week ago since that time i'm unable to use shake function , when i use it its just status look for people shake their phone but no member pop's up . please fix this .
cant find the backup function to cloud whre to hide .
video call be the best option .
for some reason , i cant open my wechat , the moment i open it , it appear the moon background , then after a few second it jump back to my homepage , i've try numerous time reinstall but it doesnt work , could it be that my account have be ban or hack .
i already report at the website i hope can faster fix it thank .
i want see my we chat . please help me .
you can do so much more with wechat . in now day , feature likr picture message , video chat have become the most basic function for all chat apps . fb messenger , what's app everyone can do those thing . wechat have a lot more distinct feature like wallet . espacially useful while in china .
get an error when try to install fron google play . help .
love it .
its too good .
i do a new acc but why cant find new moment after refresh . or the right thing be nothing moment at my wall . it clear . pls fix the probs asap .
it's almost 1 year since the last time im use this app , due of busy sched od work . and now its holly day here , i have my vacation day . so i wish i spend more time now on socialize . download again this app .
why i after instal the wechat i can't log in or sign up please fix .
more , forever .
unable to connect american express credit card to wallet . get the message system be busy . please try again later . also , why can't we post just at text post to our moment .
the best way to connect with people .
i have many time try to delete my account i write email to support wechat but it not happen i wait still for answer how it work . then i will give you 4 star .
my credit card company be not list on the board , as it be fill with mainland china bank company .
that use to select friend in a group doesn't work . also the article can't be send to other group . they work before but break in the latest android marshmallow . more to repot after select a certain group to share moment , if i watch my select picture again , the group i select will get deselected , that be , change back to public . update , android be on 6 . 0 . 1 now , above issue be still exist on wechat 6 . 3 . 8 , also video record be stop function . in addition , video record stop work .
i don't know why , but i cannot recall anymore .
can't download the app try so many time .
fast and easy .
just add a feature that other person's show the status weather he she online at the moment or not .
im use note 2 samsung . since yesterday my apps use to force close and fail to open .
it's run by china and one time it find someone and hurt them .
i download this but , when i open it , it stop at the screen with the world . i don't know what to do , please help me . i won't give up to use this .
most people think make in china be poor quality , but this one be better than make in usa .
i like it .
dthere be no option people near by me on my phone .
i would never have find this app without my friend and it really good i will never unstall this app .
awesome app for me .
i can't login my wechat although my id and password i remember perfectly . i will give 5 star if you can help me with this problem . please notify me asap .
make a shortcut like for take sight by swipe sight icon on lock screen or one tap widget straight to video sight . please make it come true .
i cant log in to this wechat .
not work , help me .
its really nice i guess .
a really great way to meet new friend who be nearby i love the shake stuff .
i hope wechat create gif profile pic .
seldomly use it but i enjoy the sticker .
why my phone at chat can't swipe down for sight .
nice connect .
i've be use wechat for such a long time , really love it and hope you will improve this app better soon .
good to chat contact with our own where other chat service not work .
if functionally not go wrong , this would be the best communication apps .
i have just send email to the developer about removal account , how do it take to process . will be i inform that the account have already be remove . anybody reply .
great app .
i haven't use this app before but i would like to . the problem be the app be too large . if you guy can maybe make the app smaller then it should be okay . btw , my phone be vivo y15 .
already update but cannot open . how can i use this wechat if cannot open . so sad .
im use galaxy note 2 and i cant install this app . it say that error 24 . and when im try to reinstall this app it say error 402 . please fix this asap . tyvm .
poorly design app . crash frequently . app size rival that of fb .
hey , ho .
when i shake my mobile it's show no result try again after some time . please fix it .
so awesome .
why i cant even receive msg from ppl after i update more worst , bullshit we chat .
why i cant hear people's voice message hope can fix it as soon as possible . thank .
doesnt send verification code be try to sign up past few day .
too heavy .
i cant download this app eventho my memory have more space .
with my huawei nexus 6p , run android 6 . 0 . 1 i can record voice message , but then they don't get send , as if i abort the record . know issue .
samsung note 5 video effect very poor when take sight dark green in low light environment , i confirm get no problem with my camera , take perfect picture and video . can't find any solution . please advise .
i need this app .
since the recent update i can't open this app . it keep show the theme but never proceed any futher until now please fix it . i'm a samsung ace duo user .
shake option fail oftenly . pls fix it .
it's show an unstable call connection message on screen whenever i try to call my dear one . then it's get worse and lead into self disconnection of call . i hope u guy notice it and make sure the problem should be solve .
not need why so many same app everyone ask be you on whatsapp not we chat .
the best im program in the world .
please let me install it . my internet be fine but it cant let me install it . ughh please let me install it .
what's the problem why can't i download wechat on my tablet its not ipad tough but it use to work few month ago why can't it work now until you fix it i will have to give you 4 star for now but i love your application please reply .
after i read some msg , or open new comment on moment , the number of notification be still there . even after i open the same msg again again . it wont disappear . pls fix . its really annoy to have those noti of new msg inside when u read them already .
why can't update be moment and cannot recive and send chat .
i sincerelly don't like this app but i just want to force myself to like it . because i want to feel what the best of this app .
sony xperia c3 cannot launch this apps after lastest update , pls fix urgent to use wechat .
no new moment show up everytime i refresh it . please fix this . i've use it for a long time and i have to uninstall and install it over and over again but new moment still won't appear please help fix this .
very easy to use i love this app .
after update can't use this function .
hi , nice communication app for stranger friend . a request for modification mp3 video song can't send through we chat please think about it . regard , rouf ahmad .
i want near by search frd option back .
i can't download it .
i cant change my profile photo . how be it .
i cant even open it . it take too much time to load . please fix this .
it keep say too many attempt try again later about two day already .
add last see and notify immediately . fix the bug for send high data video then everyone will love it . vidoe call be unable access voice after the update . use marshmallow .
ol the best .
why my record sound voice can't use immediately can fix it .
whenever i shake it always show their be no one shake try again . plz fix this problem .
i like it .
when i start the app it just show the picture of the moon , nothing else . my phone do not freeze because i can exit this , but how do i make wechat work .
it be so very amaze . i love it . i can chat with my friend . i like .
when m shake phone that time no result show . please take action imidately . and now not allow for send friend request . i want talk to your malayalee reprecent .
very good .
make the drift bottle feature be unlimited coz not all the time you get the bottle .
love it .
good not try yet .
my people nearby isn't work . micromax canvas xpress 2 . help .
please fix session timeout .
it have be take a long time in download wechat .
sometimes crash n didnt locate my location when find other user .
this be awesome .
forget my psword and lose access to connect phone .
super app .
very good .
i like it because of shake and drift bottle function . but i really hate to see star fish in drift bottle function . please remove that star fish .
dear wechat team , could you please make your apps more user friendly , i have be look for way to deactivate some of my account but i could not find deactivate button anywhere , i have 3 account already . right now i only want to keep 1 account . please fix this problem .
well do .
but why i can't see people and my friend's online or not please i need to see who's in online pls fix it in next update .
nice app .
once you install it you can never delete your account . i really dont know how to get rid of it . o my god . i want to delete my account forever , but the others can still find me there . i do not recomnend it .
the best in class audio . plz include group voice call , only video call have it . option to add another person between the call should be provide .
when m shake phone that time no result show . please take action imidately .
i love it .
ive try many time to sign up but it doesnt work . no sms receive fix it .
i hate it .
best chat app . nice .
why i update new version , my wechat be very slow device , . i very angry because almost every time this happen , .
awesome app .
very good .
call be connect but no sound . please fix this issue .
i would like to ask why after update my wechat software . i can neither receive nor send message i just update it two day ago .
very friendly .
very nice app .
hi . i can't open my wechat several day after instal the latest update . if i uninstall reinstall my wechat , will the chat history still be intact i haven't migrate it to other phone . what should i do if this be not work please help don't direct me to other site . thank .
from the verification it's good to ask send invitation to group or ten people .
how can i get rid off the voice call counter its annoy .
i can't log in . i try but nothing's happen i press submit but no response . useless uninstall .
you need trust to love , but first you need to love in order to trust . to love someone be to understand each other , to laugh together , to smile with your heart and to trust one another . one important thing be to let each other go if you can't do this . love be like a wonderful feel of compassion and satisfaction . it should be give respect and trust and it should receive that love back . the best proof of love be trust . true love be the greatest thing that you can experience it can weather any storm . love ,
when im sight . its stick . pleasr fix .
why nearby option be not available .
force close .
i can't install we chat . after uninstall it . yy .
what can i say it's totally excellent .
please fix it . i don't know how many time it still be keep on be like this . asap . or i'll rat more star . thank .
we chat .
the latest version of the app doesn't work . when i open the app it will just display the globe with a man thing picture but will never start to load . please fix this asap , thank you .
i like this app and many more item be share photo video and video call .
i can't receive message and post my moment on we chat pls help me fix this problem asap thank .
nice one update this ap .
why i can't hear sound on the sight .
hi have be try to register to wechat for a very long time and it keep on say that my number be invalid . i be from mauritius and i have also send an email about this issue but get no reply .
okay this be get on my nerve , i can't send any msg , moment and it force me to reinstall it and it only hold for a week and it happen again .
wechat out be not free anymore .
why now when u slide down there be nothing . i can't use my sight . please fix it for me .
m unable to download dnt knm y i hav suff memory in m mble .
it help us to contact other . its very helpful .
i have one friend in my contact list , but i can't send a message . i say that the chat ia restrict because the other user have not accept my friend request . how be it possible since my friend already on my friend list be this a bug need a fix please .
love it .
not respond after update this app in latest version .
awesome app .
when i open video only have sound , not the image . i want both . my model phone be ze550ml .
how can you have an app you cant disengage from .
why i can't use to slide the sight at the chat view before this can but after i update , it can't work . why please help .
guy's just please sort out the shake feature and il give it a 5 .
some sight when i open it , can't play it . n it's say that i should play it with photo or video . when i choose video . error . can't play it . n all sight don't have sound n mute when i want to watch it at other people wall .
i love it .
i love it .
date for reel .
i have just send email to the developer about removal account , how do it take to process . will be i inform that the account have already be remove . anybody reply .
i have a problem with this version , when im chat or look up for moment . it suddenly send me tu homepage , please fix this . beg .
the best way to get in touch .
need seamless integration with tablet .
every update will cause the notification go . have to launch then i get yesterday message . check apps , and not find any service run background . please just change to install as service so the problem will go .
good aplication .
love it .
love it .
i love it .
it's cool .
so i make an account yesterday to talk to my guild in summoners war and i log in today and it say my account have be put into protect mode and now i cant log in because the only way i could get the verification code be through phone call so add a phone call option or take my account out of protection mode please .
love this apps . however , i hope the way we can delete or clear all the message chat can be improve to be the same as whatssap clear all the chat without delete the conversation as a whole in the chat list , instead , only clear the chat within it . thank .
i disconnect my wechat so my friend could go on her's , but when i try to log on again , it say that my password be wrong and it's very frustrate because i'm sure that it's the right pass . what's go on .
i cnt block r report people who r all give me unwanted frnd request . they r continuously disturb me . i wanna block them . pls help me .
shake still load only . why its not find anyone . fix it fast .
it be an amaze app . great way to meet new people . 3 .
unlimited bottle throw and pick . send button near to type key . msg read check mark and shake change into tab etc .
this app be great but after the latest update , my emojis become abnormal . some of them change to some weird icon . i've think to reinstall it , but i have to migrate the chat history to another device , that be very troublesome . pls fix this emoji bug , thank you .
i like it because of shake and drift bottle function . but i really hate to see star fish in drift bottle function . please remove that star fish .
i love it .
busy other .
love it .
vry good .
love it .
why i can send text post at moment . i have hold the camera icon for long time . keyboard not pop up . can you fix my problem . i use samsung s4 .
i need help someone create id with name casanova2015 on wechat and send offensive message contain my number to other people's and change id daily . i want wechat to search for that id .
not bad .
best of best . cheer .
enjoy it .
why cant change it even though i click multiple time .
i have reisntall it and backup still same please help me i have email to wechat to tq chat be restrict as the other user have not accept your friend request i have be get this message and can cht with my frieds tq for help asap please .
still lag in one plus two . always crash within one minute open wechat .
the wechat be good i think be happily us this .
this be very good .
i love this app .
the shake feature be not work properly . it say no result find again and again . so fix it . it's very irritate .
why doesn't wechat allow upload video in moment the video record sight quality be so low .
in this new version nearby be not work and if i send greet it's work only some time .
why do it stop work several time in a day and how do it get fix by itself i always find wechat have stop work when i need most .
i like it .
the worst app , i want to delete my id but i couldn't find any option to delete my account permanently , send so many email to customer care but never receive any response . kindly please delete my account . even facebook have a option to delete account , and so many apps have a option to delete account permanently . then why this crap wechat have nothing to do with delete option .
err . how do i back up and restore chat history i use to be able to do that in older version . why would you remove such a crucial feature .
love it .
i have some money send to me and i want to give to my chinese friend as token of luck but don't see lucky money or wallet anywhere i have english wechat .
the apps can't be close , which usually back will do it . can't swipe down to enable sight .
like it .
interest and be careful with this app .
best app ever .
new update be so useless half my message don't go through and mock location don't work it be extremely frustrate .
world new invention in fast communication without make noise pollution .
good job .
it be nt work . what be this only for limit use we chat suck if there be zero i would rate it as nothing now .
favorite storage have no label or group so messy all together need to go up and down to look for the save favorite message . need category to divide content such as travel , food , cook , fashion , religion etc .
this amaze app for live chat and it's work on china also really interest .
but i can use video call .
i can't open this app . please .
the video clip make me laugh , smile and sometime emotional even when i don't intend to .
slow , my phone frequent hang once open this app , type message half way then can't move at all , whole screen stucked , be force close the app many time . whole app function become slow . load damn slow , what hapenedd think new update shld have improvement but y get worse . it waste me lot of time plss help solve it , tq so much .
no comment .
can wechat team have the troubleshoot procedure . i view the previous standard tip from wechat tencent , it didn't work at all .
i hat it pls dont install its cannot open and log in wtf .
usually just pull down at the chat area , but now unable to pull down to use sight .
where's my chat background only get 2 type to choose .
please change back the change in people nearby . i want the old version .
i think its very handy cause its always there so even when time be how ever there be always someone wechat to see kinda dope . i dig it .
please fix this . i cannot stand anymore for just need to wait this app before it finish by download just waest my time .
y i cant open that apps . i try many time .
if you deny any permission it ask such as phone and location , it will exit automatically please respect my humble privacy .
after update , only can receive message after hour . please fix this issue .
login to my account .
i can't sight .
love it .
keep tell me i have an unofficial version of wechat . prompt me to recover account indefintely .
the other update be okay but why i cant make sight there be no shortcut to make sight when i slide down the chat list .
very good .
great app .
when i close wechat . the chat will not come in please fix it . for asus zenfone 6 .
nice app .
people have be use wechat wallet in the english ios app for age now with no problem , and yet when i put my android wechat app into english , wallet disappear please fix the english android app so that wallet doesn't disappear when i change language from chinese to english . wechat wallet be incredibly useful , but only when you can actually use it .
my wechat doesn't show any picture or sight . pls fix .
do not let young child use a dreind if my have this app and get inappropriate picture .
please update until have last see , online and chat with .
the best .
i instal my we chat in my hp and i cnt open it why .
love the ability to talk to so many with such ease .
perfect chat system .
i open it but only show a moon . fix it please .
photo and sight be not update even after refresh it so many time . it fail to notify new chat even the set for chat notification be on . i need to check manually if there any chat receive .
i already block thr person and still can send message to me . what's the use of block then .
when i close the application , it's stop to receive notification of new message . we need backup to google cloud for android 6 .
very nice .
can you make the account can be deactivate else make the wechat id can be change all the time i like .
i like it because of shake and drift bottle function . but i really hate to see star fish in drift bottle function . please remove that star fish .
nice app .
it might sometimes need to logout n then login to recieve or send msg . shake or drift bottle feature may not work . once logout n login everything will get back normal . nw it be occur often .
would be great if you can see the time you send a message same like a normal message show the time the message be send please add this feature .
very good .
i couldn't load moment . although i reload for many time . it show older moment . not recent one . why .
nice for chat or voice chat i love it .
i can't call anyone . there be no sound come out .
unable to load location data fix asap .
that use to select friend in a group doesn't work . also the article can't be send to other group . they work before but break in the latest android marshmallow . more to repot after select a certain group to share moment , if i watch my select picture again , the group i select will get deselected , that be , change back to public . update , android be on 6 . 0 . 1 now , above issue be still exist on wechat 6 . 3 . 8 , also video record be stop function .
message already read but it still show unread , pls fix , thx .
i find out i can't view my friend moment .
i like it .
when my friend send me an emoji from whatsapp . it doesn't show , blank . and i hate it . please fix it , i love the old version .
why i can't see last 10 post of my friend of their moment . be it set problem .
my device can't open this apps .
they shood just give me money so i can fix all the problem iv have ive waste r10 wurth of wifi on this stupid app .
i love its .
please fix it .
cannot shake , people nearby , location . new update crash .
thank you for the help now it work great i miss use this app thank you so much for fix it . i'm give it a five star .
please , wechat team , stop send me useless game invitation and advertisement , i do not care . it be already annoy that we cannot remove you from the friend list , so please stop bother me .
can't locate people nearby even though my location be turn on and i'm use a galaxy note3 phone .
this be life tho . hahahah .
where's my chat background only get 2 type to choose .
picture won't show up in the moment . plis fix it .
after update , can't find my favourite button at home button have it be shift set button not respond too . pls assist urgently .
to slow to download . it already download for to hour it be still not finish .
wechat service centre please have a feedback for me why wechat suddenly update and cannot direct download all photo and have to download one by one and acctually be very confuse to something urgent photo and why wechat also slow and why very lag not my coverage problem and i have ask my connection company there be no problem on my connection but i also exchange new phone and that no new phone problem , i have be go to connection and phone centre there be not my problem and hope wechat can fix it tq .
let chat .
have my cpu total run at 8 hour and constantly drain the battery even during charge . torture please fix oye .
i want to reformat my phone . remember the last time i backup , it allow us to upload to its cloud and to download back our chat history within 2 day , it be amaze . now it juz allow us to move the chat history to another phone , i have a pc i have google drive , i have anythg to backup my own chat history , but why u gotta let to move to another phone , expect everyone to have 2 phone be it .
the update version keep ask me for permission of access my phone , which be unnecessary for this app , if i don't give the permission , it won't let me use the app . i think it's try to steal my information , which be what the company tencent have be do for many year . please kick this junk out of play store until they start to make sense .
it's on top . good social medium for everyone . real life to date with your future partner . wow .
nice application .
i can't open my wechat , even i reboot my phone and it still can't open . what's happen please fix it , i'm wait to reply message .
all photo send and receive in chat be unseen , show in grey color . same as all photo in moment anf friend's profile photo .
fun to use . but message delivery be frequently delay , sometimes up to 7 15 minute . please improve .
install it now .
new version drain too much power .
i wish to upload my chat history . but there's no button for me to upload it . may i know where be the button ,
i can't receive message anymore after the update . please help .
i like this app because it be free on chat , call and many more . i like the emoji , some of them be funny look pic . the person who create the emoji be so animate on cartoon pic . nice .
why the new update , wc always legging and not respond .
need too many permission .
hat you have to have a mobile number .
love it .
good apps .
this word . i always think if i let my phone in my chair while the error read apps process and its nothing chage its still error read . so . i repair my phone and he say . error read apps what the hack can somebody help me after one week . i download it again . when i realize that we chat have be update a new version . im so happy for that but unfortunately . when the first picture it show that an earth picture . it stick . and i wait for one day it still . nothing change . help me .
please , help me , since the latest update , i think my wechat have bug , i can't even open it , it just keep on return back to home screen once i press wechat , i have be try like force stop or others but it still doesn't work , im not will to reinstall it because i will lose my chat history , can someome fix my problem that's really important to me .
my wechat always get hack . hacker just need our phone number then they can open up ur wechat easily .
app good .
very nice app .
m get video call error unable to pick call nd some other issue also like shake nd near by . unable to see .
thank for this apps very good .
when i close the application , it's stop to receive notification of new message . we need backup to google cloud for android 6 .
love to use .
love it .
i have 2 rate it 4 something els .
i want the feature of last see .
five star .
why cant i get south acfican people on my shake .
i can't download it . and i have no idea why .
can't install we chat . error download 24 .
state have .
hello . why be your app keep on say unable to send photo . when i try to resend it will take a very long time to upload . after each update your app just get worst .
omg how .
nice app .
new wechat be very dissappinted .
this app be not even open . when i click to open it show a man shadow on earth and thats all it have .
can't get the others moment . always have too install and this application take too long period to have it . so mess .
can't pull down and record sight directly on the chat page anymore very troublesome to view picture and video can't save a sight in draft why you must make the app difficult .
dear wechat team why i don't have bottle throw message at my account wechat . thank you .
we chat .
this be a damn app remember no matter what u can't delete ur account and the app maker should clearly mention this in the description but he didn't he be make us fool don't install service be not good not at all just remember u can't delete ur account if we chat delete my account i will give it a 5 star .
consider to use voice only as default . give option for long voice message if receiver be online .
really great , especially call and drift bottle . can you please add chat head translation be not work well now .
why can't i use wechat out .
please fix this . i cannot stand anymore for just need to wait this app before it finish by download just weast my time .
please back to old version many problem on new version now even some people like this new version , you must fix it too .
i have two account so i want to deactive one account . help me please .
it so cool to use wechat because we can call , chat more .
before thre use to be chat room in this app . now its not thre . so , can you can tel me , why .
easy to connect .
it always tell me that it's unable to load location .
how to make a call on it anybody tell me .
i can't login my wechat although my id and password i remember perfectly . i will give 5 star if you can help me with this problem .
where be the option of wallet in account in india .
. i recently get a problem with it , and it be the failure to load people nearby . i have be usong this app for more than two year , but only recently that i can't run the function and find people with it . i can only do the search when i turn on the gps , which be not the case previously . pls look into this .
it's still re start my tab . i'm get annoy with this .
why my picture and cover photo not change when i change . really confius . hm . gr .
i cant see other people moment . my acc be nothing all cannot use .
nice app .
i like it .
wechat can help me to get more friend .
this app be simply amaze , i love it because it be easy to use and a good social network to meet new friend and connect .
all of a sudden my moment show nothing and i try so many time frrsh it , even try re instal it , still not work . pls fix it .
this app be very good .
message send and receive very fast . thank .
cannot sight . why .
very good .
nice app .
i visit the link you give me and also send my report regard your site thank you .
when i put wechat in background , the process stop run after a few minute as a result i don't get any new message until i run the app again . i have be miss a lot of message due to this and the app have become more or less useless to me . i be not use any app killer either . this problem start a couple of update back . i be on android 5 . 0 on lenovo . any idea how to fix this .
good app .
first it ban me for no reason . second there be sexually pervert people that keep ask u to have sex with them . the worst be that some people put pornography as their profile what the heck be this .
i give five star to wechat because it's good for everyone .
can you make a shortcut from my favourite and directly send to moment sight , im very glad if you can make that . and sorry for the break english . i hope you understand what i mean . bye .
very good .
now after the update , i can't use the people nearby feature .
love it to use .
i cannot even sign up . it state there too many operation . try again later . be try the past 30 minute . still state that . im use samsung note 4 .
i can't upload any photo or sight and i can't see others photo . please fix it .
if i could give zero star i would . 75 of the time when i shake my phone i have to stare at some dude dick . pls fix this problem most all social medium sit ban pic like this . so should this one . i just want to meet new people . not stare at some dude's dick every time i shake my phone .
my network work just fine but i always receive my message later than the time they be send .
why my message always send to me tomorrow , no today , please fix it . it cause me many problem .
nice app .
love it .
i like it .
the best .
the app won't work if you don't allow it to scan your data .
wonderfully i'm so happy thank you .
why when i want to log in to wechat it always cannot log me in , and one more thing i want to ask why when we open wechat infront of the wallpaper that get someone stand in the middle of the earth get sign in or log in but im be dont have the word log in and sign up in the wallpaper . wechat be very suck .
please fix for the new version . it make my phone battery drain .
why i can't log in it stick at 10 n just say wechat isnt respond , do u want to close blaa . the old version i can log in . when i install the new one can't log in . please fix it .
look around and drift bottle be not show in my app .
sometimes it lag as i always end up receive msg from yesterday . it mean my friend send me wechat yesterday and only receive it today . please do something about this as i mostly use this app rather than other apps .
why i cannot receive msg but i can send out msg be it server down .
very nice app , but there be no delete account option . this be very important option .
hello . hm , why this app may not save my chat if i inter wc id by another phone pls help . i love to read my old chat .
hm easy to use . and much better as compare to alternate .
love it .
can talk to other people easily .
great app , very easy to use love it .
keep stick since i open the app .
i love this apps .
cant not download .
great tool .
very good .
love it .
get hang while shake and not work .
people nearby feature be not work , even though my location set be turn on .
while talk if i press home button it crash and say system ui failure update suck fix this .
i download it for the second time but all of the people here be maniac , pervert .
after update to software version 4 . 20 . 531 . 5 , can't open . return back to home screen . htc one m8 .
why my samsung gt s5830 cannot open after i download wechat till now my wechat stick at the picture of the moon .
i can't send old sight that i save in favourite . please fix this bug as soon as possible .
i just update it to a new version . then i realize that i can't save my picture from chat . usually i can save all of those picture easily but after this version i can only screenshot all of my pic . i never be in this situation before so please help me . samsung user .
help me , i can't download this app .
after update , still don't have the lucky money logo . i keep uninstall and install ardy but still can't .
i hope i can forward voice or audio . also can post it to wechat moment . anyway , i love it so far .
great app .
why im still cant search in people nearby people cannot see me in people nearby anything i try but same . they cant find me in people neary . do someone report me help me please .
i have some personal problem . thatz why i'm delete wechat . now i download but cannot download wechat n any app . can i know why plz help me .
we will not know our friend see or saw our message or not please add a notification icon like what'sapp this app use tick icon .
i really love wechat .
why if instal we chat cannot what can i do to instal .
how to fixx .
can't even get into the app after update . please fix . i didn't do backup . all of my history will be lose if i have to re install the app .
after upgrade , the video in wechat often not be play properly sometimes the video freeze but audio still play , sometimes cant be play at all . to fix these problem , sometimes a clean re install will help , sometimes it won't .
but there be no friend there but nice app .
force close on friend verification . pls fix it .
why i cannot open it display the earth for a very long time . then , i try to uninstall and install it again but the result still same . i hope you will fix this problem .
after update it strike in earth pic . and not open .
unable to translate chinese message into english . please fix it .
pretty good .
i have just send email to the developer about removal account , how do it take to process . will be i inform that the account have already be remove .
i can not send phf file in this version .
nice app .
i m use xiaomi3 , connection problem occur this morning , i couldn't receive or send any msg , also moment update . i t log out and try to login again but fail . i cant login to my account and even no respond when i request new password .
why i cannot to receive my number in wechat .
work very slow . when open it my phone hang and not work properly . please update a new version .
i'm sign up . if you have a limit of character for password field , you should not empty the field when limit be cross . moreover password never should have max limit , min charac limit be better .
cant play moment sight in full screen . just black screen and sight audio . fix it . im use asus zenfone 2 .
i be not get the people nearby option in discover , need to resolve the problem .
can you make the account can be deactivate .
be update with the latest in the global village .
very good .
after download from here , come up with a lock false account . it be good for one use and then rubbish .
this app take forever to open . and the planet earth annoy me .
i use to sight just slide down the page at front page . but i wonder why it can't do that anymore . have to go either moment or individual contact to sight . please look into it . thank .
the best way to connect good it download .
great app .
after update , feel lag and have to wait for load after click in to a chat room , wait for fix this problem .
wish i can change my wechat id for once .
this app be number1 in world .
this be a great app for international message it have so many useful feature besides text message . i use it to talk to friend i have make when abroad , via text , voice text , and call most . i also enjoy use the little sticker and extra emojis . the only negative i have be a couple time there be a lag with a few message , but i absolutely love this app as a way to stay connect to my friend overseas .
latest version .
so bad for new one .
why there be no notification if i have receive message from someone please help .
it be great .
love it .
all my frn use this its really good .
its very useful .
i will give 5 star for a md ui .
i can use this app everywere .
it be simple and attractive .
cannot to be download .
why i can't refresh moment .
love it very much .
first use .
good app but can't hear my friend over voice call seemingly after last update . any idea . samsung note 4 .
i update it yesterday and everytime i open it or try to it will always force close pls fix this problem .
love it .
how to send mp3 in moment .
only make for a few city , not every city in usa . i guess some be not cool enough to be include by you .
i love to chat with girl .
it keep say can't find my location and only show me people in china then there be no way to close this account profile i don't want just want to delete .
love it .
for an older version , help for privacy and security update only use my device .
please fix it . regret update .
the best community apps .
while shake the ph . no search list be come as come in people near by . plz look into this .
my account have be block . why tq .
its nice to be with we chat .
its not ok to my c . p .
i couldn't download it . its stick at 79 . how please .
force close since new update , please fix .
i be here try to loggin into my wechat account from last 4 hour but fail . all everything be work and internet be also work well in my phone but only wechat be not work pls help me and tell me i face this issue last time also . when i type my wechat i'd and passwd and click on loggin button after sometime server not find type msg be show .
please rectify asap . previous version be not have this issue . when i update to this version this issue have come . other side can hear my voice but i m not able to hear other side's voice during voice call .
fast chat .
love it .
it say my storage be insufficient , but my phone still have 6 gb . please help me to solve this problem .
i like it .
unfortunately i may have forget to link my previous account to an email so i cannot retrieve the new password i no longer use my old number as i move country and so i have no way of be able to retrieve it . before i un install the app , wechat wasn't work i . e not show the chat list after load but instead close the app after see the globe this also occur even after reset the phone . have to use my new number .
in shake greet , profile pic not see and msg send in reply of greet be not transfer . plz . look into this matter .
we chat .
love it .
what wrong with wechat . after i'm update , i cannot receive the message from group and other people . please fix for me and figure out the problem . tq . kindly a . s . a . p reply .
when i open this app , it keep kick me out , before that it will stick like an idiot fix it now i can't make a memorable moment or sentap moment .
why it's on and off i can't play it anymore . please fix it .
very good app .
it's get there . unfortunately i can't backup my chat anymore .
gud application . one of the best application but please add fwe thing in it last see send option type msg etc .
i can't use any feature like the moment , nearby and such . seriously irritate .
shake only just load only . why its not find anyone . fix it fast .
i would like to backup my chat but it doesn't work . please fix it .
sex people be in their .
no backup option . only show restore option , also cant migrate my file to others phone . ples fix it .
why after i update i cant see any photo include my profile picture .
love it .
it's very hard to backup . i feel so disappoint , please fix it immediately .
i love wechat but i still cant use the sight . my friend keep send me sight and i really wanna see what be it . please help .
it keep force close please fix that thats all .
cannot even login .
why im invisible in people nearby i create another account after day my second account also invisible in people nearby whats happen on wechat do someone report me please help me .
still not work i follow the step on the site which you have give me but nothing happen whats wrong with we chat nowadays i feel like uninstalling it .
love it be enjoyable and fun .
can't see the moment .
nice you .
its cool , however can a wechat lite version be create it's kind of too big for my android .
it's a good app , but after the new android update i have to constantly force stop it and it be slow down the phone . i eventually have to uninstall it .
i like it .
pls give recharge offer .
love it .
after update the latest version , force close happen every time i try to open it . please fix it .
after update the sign can't open outside the conversation . feel sad .
can't open this app i have send you my email , pls help me .
hi , in wechat current version , the translate function be mostly not work . could you please throw some light on it thank .
hello , i can't refresh the moment and my friendlist profile picture not show as my cover photo like i'm not in internet connection but i already connect to wifi . please fix this .
i like it .
update from 6 . 1 to 6 . 3 . 8 and wow well do . it keep all my previous message history and setting . fantastic job . really happy .
because there be no option to see who be online and offline .
cant play moment sight in full screen . it just black screen and sight audio .
very good app .
great app pls keep it up .
it's relly an amaze app to connect all the people , espically our love one . and also easy to use but few day ago , i couldn't make any sight from my mobile so , would be greatfull if i can know the problem to fix it .
i cant open my wechat account because i forget my password . i use all four way to reset my password . my old number be expire . if i use my new number , it automatically create new account . i dont have any qq id . i use my email to reset my password but it always show my email doesnt exist . lastly , i use request retrival but still same . please help me . i want my old account . sorry for my english . help me .
if wechat can connect with other apps such as gps at anywhere like last time . i'll definitely give 5 star for it .
love it .
unable to open the app for some unknown reason , pls get it fix .
this version reboot frequently , please fix it .
why photo n sight didn't show in moment please fix it .
i love the update .
still not find any solution already pass one month . i m face problem in upload profile pic and can't see others , and also can't send and receive any pic and video , i have write 3times bt no any solution i have get , should i uninstall this app or get any solution .
love it .
it be work properly but when i update it on 14 12 15 its not open . please help .
it's good .
wechat can find new friend .
i like it .
why do the android version not have option to use wechat on tablet and phone like the ipad i want to use on my tablet as well but when i do so , it log me out from my phone and chat be not sync .
why put a report button where we can show photo or chat as proof when you don't even take our report seriously isn't picture of d cks not sufficient enough to report forever get the sorry , we be unable to resolve your report about . due to insufficient detail . thank for your support crap .
so easy to use .
serious problem , msg be not send after update .
only need instant translation build in . send in english , read in chinese and reverse , ditto for spanish , vietnamese , hindi , etc . do one language pair at a time , do a good product and make it the new default standard , no more copy , paste , translate , copy , paste , send routine .
easy to search freinds .
i love it .
i cant load photo and sight . i cant even send a photo . can anyone help .
why my broadcast feature cannot go , please help .
can get new relationship .
great app .
the moment i try to open the app , its either hang or it tell your . unfortunately wechat be force close . wtf cant turn it on the moment i update it . z .
love this app .
col og .
love check out cliff central on we chat cliffcentralapp .
love it .
somebody get misuse my account and change everyting inside . now i cant login use my phone number and password . and they unlinked everyting . i dont know what to do now . help me please .
it work just fine last version when i deny it's phone permission . and after this update , it refuse to start if you don't grant the permission it ask . so tencent be do it again , in the name of security , steal your privacy . i just want to ask wechat devs , do you still remember the 360 vs qq fallout .
great and easy to use app . keep me in touch with my gf in china . one thing though , i don't see a way to send money in the menu .
for an older version , help for privacy and security update only use my device .
i try to make call but it keep tell me that i be not wechat friend . very frustrate .
image share by friend in moment fail to display even though the app be the latest version . problem have exist in the previous version as well . upset . please fix it soon . thank .
force close after update .
i cant install this app what happen .
after update the latest version , force close happen every time i try to open it .
the wechat help page on why people nearby be empty be not helpful . repeatedly retry consume excessive battery yield result after 3 to 6 hour , and then , empty again . shake only show arabic advertisement i select english already . other gps apps work uninstall seem to be the only option for me .
best app .
not useful . hard to find a english person . should be some filter on the shake feature .
dude , there no more chat backup change to migration . i lose my phone so i can't retrieve my chat history . too bad .
i love it so much i can talk to my mom .
i'm tab3 lite user . when i log in , it suddenly become hang . it happen so many time . pls fix it .
great app , use it for work but would be easier if text could be add with the image file rather than separate .
like it .
remember id 52448 .
not bad .
i didn't log out and uninstall it . will my number show to nearby people plz help and answer me we chat team .
this good .
i be on a samsung galaxy s6 and now it seem like i can't log in . tell me that my pswrd do not work and when i try to reset it say that the number be ban really frustrate as i have be on for one day and i think the app be amaze until now . please tell me how to fix this problem . this app be problematic and no one help .
how do i want to remove delete my wechat account .
its seem when i try to login with my id with my asus k00z the popup message always come out say unfortunately wechat have stop why this problem happen , but when i use my other gadget i can easily login , and even with my asus k00z other login in still can be use , its just my id it give a problem like this please repair it and i will glade give 5 star .
i'm not receive any msg nor call for the activation code .
it's amaze app for chat .
i cannot log in my account wechat with id and phone number . why hope your guy can settle this . or my account have be hack i very hope wechat inc can settle this . tq very much .
like it .
its not open on bluestacks .
when i take sight in wechat with my nexus 5x , the result be an upside down short video . this be a know issue due to the camera api accord to google . please fix this . edit solve .
why the wechat become not respond when i clear data and wan't to log in it become i'snt respond .
where's the save picture button i can't seem to find it this version .
very good chat app at all .
it's so nice this application so be very happy for it .
seem like it could be best social app ever , but people nearby show me in liaoning china . huh . i'm in usa . can't seem to find solution in faq or google . other map locstion function on phone work fine . no reply from wechat . yet . more star if can resolve this .
hi there i would like to ask how to delete wechat account .
nice and cool aap . i love that .
first update unable to back up and transfer every history to another device and now the latest update be even worst . cannot even have the option to download image from jpeg file send over from friend .
i can't download wechat .
i like it and use it bcoz my brother love this app and say me to use this .
good app .
worst now can't even block people from nearby whom i want to block .
incoming message do not notify even though set have do .
i love it .
recent update always crash . not usable for day . i've reinstall , restart phone but it do not work . please work on this version and fix it .
i cant leave without wechat . wechat connect to my love n i love to wechat . thanku for nice messenger ever . great ur job . awsom .
crash after update . last update be better .
so best .
wechat won't let me use the app unless i allow it to make and manage my phone call . wtf .
i can't see any picture in we c8 . what the hell .
how to backup the message if i only want to factory reset my phone .
after update all animation sign's and sticket won't work anymore and reflash super slow please fix it from samsung note 4 .
good apps .
after re install . everythings become great . thx wechat team .
use it know it .
why i dont have the walkie talkie button .
hi . i have see my friend in china use money transfer in wechat . but i don't have that option . what be the problem with mine . kindly reply pls . if this not available in india pls include this option in next update .
before this i be still able to see the photo however now i can't see the photo in either moment of normal chat . please fix this problem . i be use miui 7 , not sure be it relate to the system .
i like it for walkie talkie now its go wana uninstall this . i request you to get it back . thx . plz inform me if u have such a update . and reply me .
cannot use voice to talk pls fix the problem .
i can chat with my friend .
y i keep try take back my id but still when i chat my voice r so low until the other can't hear what i chat pls fix it .
cannot send feedback . picture in dialog be save in different sub folder with weird name without order .
its good .
its good application . i find a every good and life truning friend .
unreasonable permission witch 6 . 3 . 8 version why it have to need phone permission to start why it have to need the location permission to start for account security or for me security .
i cant download wechat .
why wechat can not be instal . try again , and if the problem continue , get help troubleshoot . error code 24 i have try many time , but it remain the same .
if you turn off the phone call permission , you can not use this app .
make a chat can send a song from my file .
not even able to create account , ask me to wait for verification sms but didn't receive it .
the translation be go . when i click on translate option , it start translate but didn't show the translation . please fix that .
why no sight shortcut at the home page pls fix it , cuz this feature be can fast to record a sight function . pls , i want this feature .
just download it but can't great an account what's wrong what i can see be only log in sign up no creat an account please i need help to create an account .
why i update this app still can't fix the problem tat cannot load the photo and sight .
hi , i use note 4 , after i update the wechat , i cannot open it n it keep pop out , pls help .
already find the function .
love this app .
we chat .
love this app .
very good .
cant log in why happen with wchat nowadays .
the only thing you get be people ask for money . take this app and shove it strait up your azz .
volume up but voice be still the same level when i plug to my speaker .
great app . hope all msger app be this one .
very good .
the app die after latest update .
i like it .
very sluggish to start the app sometimes , it will stay in the startup dialog for a long time .
i'm new to it at mo but sound cool .
indian sticker be very cool .
how do i deactivate it .
its performance be slow . in shake . take lot of time to display the result .
why this version i no longer can backup chat history .
after update , moment not up to date . i've try upload photo but didn't show up .
great and easy to use app . keep me in touch with my gf in china . one thing though , i don't see a way to send money in the menu .
i do download wechat app . then , i can't log in into my account . because of there be no space for i put my id wechat . i have try to uninstall and install it again . it still same . please help me with this problem .
on my nexus 6 , it crash the entire android system whenever i want to log in to wechat for mac . and once it crash , there's no way but to reboot the phone . i've reboot my phone today for like twenty time already .
1 . i don't get why chinese apps use ios design all the time . so disrespectful the bottom tab not only look ugly on an android phone but also increase the chance of press the on screen button . 2 . i get the annoy toast tell i have connectivity issue which i don't have from time to time . fix it . 3 . i'm work in china and android pay doesn't work here sometimes i need to pay via wechat wallet but unlike ios , we can't do it use finger print . another bias .
no function for moment and sight for samsung j2 , please fix it .
i can't back up chat use cloud . it ask me to enable it but there's no enable button . please reply me for solution .
you must place a last see like whatsapp .
happy with it .
please update the app with include option to see my friend online or not and show the option message send delever and read .
i be on a samsung galaxy s6 and now it seem like i can't log in . tell me that my pswrd do not work and when i try to reset it say that the number be ban really frustrate as i have be on for one day and i think the app be amaze until now . please tell me how to fix this problem . thank .
i like it .
too slow in open jst wechat app why .
this app always lag when use , it be not to update than update . please do something .
now also i steel cnt use we chat out option . plese update it , and add this option again .
for an older version , help for privacy and security update only use my device .
the video sight on the note 5 look very horrible and the motion i mean the frame rate extremely smoothless compare to the iphone . its very ashamed have this problem on the premium smartphone such samsung galaxy note 5 and lastly i hope wechat to fix this problem as soon as possible . old version sight quality be better than the latest wechat update .
i love wechat because easy to use and u can send some funny sticker to talk about your feel .
a great app to help me keep in touch with my friend .
cannot share on facebook it do show my facebook be link but no automatically share my moment . please fix .
great app .
realy great .
wechat moment and photo will not appear when refresh .
i like we chat very much but now a day its give more headache . either system hang or unable to rcvd msg on time .
app be ok overall , but it would very helpful if one can filter by age group as well .
i love it .
the update bring lollipop style copy paste menu to marshmallow , which make it really inconsistent with other part of the system . leave me wait for the pop up to show up almost every time .
30 star .
it be sim need to download this app .
y cannot backup the chat history anymore for android .
all good .
i love it .
people nearby always problem . why can't approve greet .
after the new update , i have to manually turn off my speaker instead of just rise my phone , and when i have to turn the speaker on , i have to man turn it back on instead of just put my phone down . please fix this .
it's not as good as it be .
contact show up but cant connect . send invite twice and by email . message say send but they be not be receive .
can not connect the server despite have fast speed network . plz solve this pblm .
samsung note 4 user here , after update , my device automatically shut down when receive wechat chat msg notification totally cannot open after update how could it happen there be some image or chat message be very important for me pls fix it as fast as possible .
circle life love world .
where do video moment go . i want to capture video but i cant find it where to capture video . when i slide downwards nothing come out . be it bcuz the new update , there be no video for new update fix this problem pleasee .
use mi4i after update we chat cannot open at all what be the problem .
my phone suddenly all black out shut down , after receive a wechat message notification after update . my chat background be all go blank i can't find my sticker as well i have to uninstall the app , but don't know if my chat history will be here or not .
i love the application .
like this .
could make it that when i play a song on spotify and i want to make a sight bout that song , please make it so the song doesn't stop .
why i can't search people nearby after update to the new version . too many problem now and the wechat team not respond .
love it .
its amaze we can chat vwrh easy from it . yhere be also vidro chat .
chat history .
i didnt need this app keep upgrade a new stuff . i just need it to be the old version bcs the more u upgrade , the more shity this will be . ugh .
best in category .
why do the other people i can see only 10 post and i can't like or comment their post be that mean their unfriend me or something wrong with that .
i cant watch the sight with sound when switch on full screen , just listen the sound only but no scene . pls fix it tq .
i love the sticker .
please add this to setting . i be use android 5 . 0 . please fix this problem asap .
i cant log in my account bec it always ask my no . everytime i log in . the last no . that i register it doesnt work . pls help me to log in again in my account i dont want to make new account again .
i like it .
love it .
my wechat can't shake .
followees via the werun wechat .
im from the philippine and the people on nearby list be from china . what the heck .
can not startup at samsung note 3 android 5 . 0 , after simple update from 6 . 3 . 7 to 6 . 3 . 8 .
after download the new version of wechat . menu people nearby disappear . so bad .
why my acct wechat cn't open pls help me .
please fix and advice after instal and open the app , it hang up on my phone and i cant create an account .
where be a shortcut sight .
i want it can be download medium like video , pic etc to device . please fix it asap .
why my samsung a8 when i slide down the sight . but nothing .
can't take a sight by pull up the conversation page after update .
it say can't connect to server . , with error report 1 . everytime either connect with cellular data connection or over wifi .
its good app .
how to deactivate my wechat acc . coz some be link my phone num to his acc .
force close .
why wechat cannot download .
always need to be update .
i can tell all of my story in this app .
i use it to promote my own brand . it's help me to market and gather a huge group of customer . its so great .
wechat have improve a lot over the year . only thing be that on my android tablet the video call be really weird . the camera view look all squiffy and i try to use my camera in another app and it look fine . just in wechat it look very weird .
really gud .
hi admin , my friend keep ask me to send them red packet but i don't have this function . kindly advice .
why my wechat cannot sign up can help me please .
i be not able to see shake user profile . i be face this problem since 12th dec 2015 . please look into issue and resolve it .
love it .
it be very good it's make communication easy and faster . but please help me , i can't download my .
whats up .
i want delete my old account .
my photo n sight wont show up in moment since im update . i refresh it so many time but its doesnt work . plis fix it .
the apps can't be close . can't swipe down to enable sight .
this be my fav apps . thank wechat .
the recent update be cause the app to crash constantly . can't open .
too good .
when in china this be the best way to communicate .
i wud hv be give diz app 5 star . bt d nly thing be plzz add last see and msg delivery report to make diz app awesum . overall a nice app . nyc video n voice call .
very like .
can't access people nearby . please provide older version .
unreasonable permission witch 6 . 3 . 8 version why it have to need phone permission to start .
it suddenly won't let me use the app at all unless i give the location permission i'm on marshmallow and have disable location permission for most apps for privacy and better battery life , this permission requirement wasn't there before .
it take too long for the app to open .
i like it .
i love it .
not bad .
its amaze but ony galaxy s4 and it won't let me press the back button when i'm in this app .
dear wechat team this be a pretty good app but for some reason i can't see the wallet feature in my wechat which i would really like to have . do it have to do something with the country from where one have choose to register the wechat account .
nice one for to .
unable to take sight send to few ppl . only can send individually inside the individual chatroom . pls fix it . tq .
i love if i can scroll up to make a sight .
login error make it a worst app otherwise the feature provide make it a great app to be rely upon .
where be wallet i can't find it .
why my coc cannot play please answer me . really bore .
cannot search people nearby . new update crash . problem old version good .
my chat file go miss . at first it be just unavailable to download . i migrate the chat history to a different phone and now all of them be miss . as in miss . no thumbnail either . make backreading and to find out as if no photo be share in the first place . how do it happen photo be important . please help me restore those chat file . hope to hear from you asap . thank .
i try to install this many time but still the application can't be instal i still have 431 mb space in my storage still nothing happen . i already try your troubleshoot thingy but that doesn't work . why .
this app be as good as it be expect to be good to get connect with the friend n make new friend around the world .
please enter login dong help , i can not login . it's my id littleputra10 . when i want to log in can not , the wechat send me sms but not receive . i have two account , but with the same number , i hope to be able to use wechat comfortably with id littleputra10 . i believe the party can wechat follow up , i like chat via the wechat for video call clear there be never any interruption , thank wechat .
in fact this program be very important for our life so we like it too much if you want to be able communicate your family i advice you to use wechat only .
too many attempt . try again later error come very frequent .
please why do this pop up when be about to download other thing on internet . its annoy , please kindly get a solution .
this function take place of phone conference in a group .
then this stranger message me and show me a pic of his dick gros .
why sometimes app will not open .
bhut here not show nearby people .
but pls let see online friend , last see , send and read msg and if possible , add an option to disable that if someone doesn't want it .
why i cant record sight .
be wack bc i dont know what code they be talk about .
need meme sticker , that would be great .
great app but the should update some new feature on wechat .
can you please tell me how to delete this app .
after this update whenever i try to minimize the window during video call it automatically disconnect . cannot find float window permission in setting , neither .
since last 2 day i have be continuously receive otps every hour . the most ridiculous app .
i like this and easy to use in a chat .
my sticker become very small and hard to see after update the latest version .
after last update from today , its force close , i can't use it . my device be samsung galaxy s4 .
i think wechat should have a function like have the message you send be see .
fix it , please .
i like this app very easy use .
can't open this app .
last time i update my wechat and i be able to use wechat out , but now i wouldn't work why .
this aap be great . i love this aap .
sometimes i can't open sight post by my friend in the moment . i refresh many time and it's still the same . i hope you can fix it .
after update , cant see every picture every sight and every emoji . cant even send voice record . please fix , thank u .
it's great . its make me easier to connect with my friend . thank's you wechat the team .
like it .
i can't see and upload my photo at the moment . why before this . wechat no problem but now . why .
i love u .
i change my phone i heve samsung glaxy note 3 now i be log in and cant log in why it cant show photo verification please fix .
y video call be upside down im use samsung tab s . cannot even make it wide view . please fix this .
love it .
its awsome . but whatever .
try everything but too tire of solve the problem as i install and open it automatically force close and nothing happen .
its not bad .
great app .
love it when you use it .
i cant download this app .
my google play store be unable to download what can i do .
nice app .
it very good application .
because i can't add back my friend that i be already delete before .
what happen it open but not go in . still at struk at start . no display login page .
unfortunately , wechat have stop . what happen to my wechat since the latest update .
iphone ui design in the android app come on . one day it suddenly wouldn't start just show globe and quit . nothing similar have happen with alternative apps . on top of that when i reinstall it ignore the user folder so even though pic , and supposedly chat , be in there wechat do not read the folder so it's all empty in chat inside wechat after a reinstall . awful .
very interest and useful , but a bite complicate to use .
what the hell be go on i can't make sight even one . and i lose all my sight .
love it .
cannot on wechat , stick at image of moon . please help me .
after the update , the other user have no sound .
it would be nice if it be material desgined .
awesome . actually i use this app for a long time . haha .
im sure this app will become popular if sight time be about 15 second .
turn off the notification . i don't want to see on screen .
i really love use the app but there base be this problem that whenever i open the app it crash . i have instal and in instal it twice already but it keep happen even after a few day of it work fine . please fix this because i really do love use the app . by the way i be use a lenovo s90 a .
new feature will be if we can see people online or not .
i've enjoy use this app . but sometimes its stick . hope u can fix this . tq .
why my photo n sight wont show up plis fix it .
i can't creat an account because i never receive the code no matter how many time try or wait . i've check the wi fi conection , that i can receive sms and phone call . i've also try several day already . i'm wait for your reply , thank you in advance .
why photo and sight won't show up in moment althought i refresh many time , plss fix it .
why need phone call .
why i need to load for how long i have load for 2 day but still the same . pls fix . you want 5 star fix it .
i love it .
why do this upfate force me to give the app all the permission before this update , i only give this app limit permission and everything work fine . now it be ask me to give it all the permission otherwise it won't run .
i and my friend make a video call after ur latest update video of my friend z vry clr bt voice cnt b hear of my friend so plz resolve dis problem plz its a kind request .
why every im try to vediocall , always error then show up word unstable connection .
won't launch if user not grant permission for location and telephone data access .
can't download .
my wechat can not open after update .
to add in time line . need to improve , no indication if other party be online or offline .
need delivery and read report notificaion .
very good .
to the developer . update 6 . 3 . 8 android why do you remove the instant video feature in chat please fix .
this app not run bangladesh , why .
wont let me delete the account .
i don't need some function , but this app force me to get the phone location , or not use it .
the cloud back up be still not available in the latest update . please we need it seriously . please add in the cloud chat history back up . its really inconvenient to back up through window . please consider . thank you .
it be easy to work .
my phone model be samsung galaxy and im stick in moon and people picture . im wait too long but the menu not appear . please fix this .
this app be great but after the latest update , my emojis put on my status change to two google icon emojis . i've be keep change it back but it turn to the icon again . pls fix this , thank you .
im use asus fonepad k004 model . after last update june , my app always keep force close . try reopen then fail again . until this new update , still occur . any solution already try old version but still the same . hope will be improvise . thank you .
very good .
why i can't see my friend photo and sight in moment please help me someone .
i realy hate it . be there a way i could sign off , i dont want to use it anymore .
no result find on wechat shake .
after update incoming message not notify unless i open the apps .
many people have this disaster . can't believe tecent didn't do enough test before send out the update . just wonder if there be a way to go back .
i like .
no use but slowdown your phone .
i can't open my wechat . please help .
yaya have a problem with this app fuhh x bleh bbk bruh .
why cant i see my self online on the list of all member online now . and i even ask a friend to look for me on the online list but she cannot see me on the list of online people . please help me to fix this problem .
for an old version .
very nice .
please provide auto download feature for image and video .
be this can share sight .
what happen to the sight no longer easy sight , before it use to be smooth and easy , just slide the screen down and i could take a sight but now this be not available .
i like that .
really fun .
life be easy but diffulcul .
khjnaing6 accidently name i ll like to change id from this user name how possible .
i don't use my id with wify pleaz give me a soliotion .
i recommend every one to use this app .
work perfectly after update . tq team .
use to have the cloud backup feature but now no more and i have to use another phone to do transfer . very troublesome .
why the sight won't show up in moment . ergh .
good but too heavy .
i would love this one .
why keep jump out . i cant open my wechat anymore worst update now how to use .
i don't know why but it's just won't do it , i have to restart my phone or clear wechat datajist to refresh the moment .
why you need all those permission .
when you log out of wechat , every thing be delete when you log in again . important information be erase and its a hassle . please fix this .
recently always cannot ace wechat account don't know what happen .
after update i can't even open wechat , please do something about it .
when i'm save the sticker or download the sticker . when i want use the sticker it miss go i hope you fix it .
everyone must need this apps this apps need update some more .
its nice . but sometimes its not .
cant even open it .
in god all thing r possibe .
the latest featutes be unavailable after constantly update many time . pls fix this , thank .
i love texting with my friend .
cant login into wechat only get earth with man stand and then be stick . please fix it .
when i try to search its show up but why no one be add me before i receive greet whats wrong with we chat can u please fix it .
the app be not work and crash .
great app .
im use samsung young . i have download wechat for three time but i cant enter wecht once . i also have restart my phone but still the problem remain . help me pls .
i like this program , it's pretty good , however , it stop load today with no provocation . all thing be equal i don't understand why it would stop work after be fine for month .
i can't really rate it just yet . i do like feature tho . however , when i first instal the app i skip the option to upload mobile contact and i'm pretty sure i also select the option to not ask me again . i've never use the app so i wasn't sure about that part . now , it doesn't seem to want to upload the contact even if i do try to do it manually . note my contact be store on my google contact , not directly on the phone . this didn't matter with whatsapp . do it matter with wechat or do my account have to be reset somehow .
i love it .
after upgrade wechat to current 4 . 2 ver can't open wechat . lg g3 .
it say in the patch note we can do it but still not available to anyone outside of china .
my phone have 2 sim card slot but the problem be the app only can use 1 account .
be the so best . but . line be so crazy and i can't open it .
wechat be the only way i can contact with all my chinese friend . and now it can't open for a week now . i've wait for a new update everyday but still not yet everytime it stucks on load if i get an update , it will be fix . but this time i decide to uninstalled and install it again then it could be use like a few hour then it stick on load again . i lose my conversation for nothing and it still can't be use . please fix it as soon as possible .
account be protect , unable to recover .
only know app to contact with china relative .
good app .
it so awesome .
wechat notification all go after update today .
i can't use the people nearby function . i try to reinstall the app but it still doesn't work . can someone tell me what's wrong .
why need the permission to reroute out go call .
jesus christ , stop tell me every 2seconds that i'm on voice call when i minimize it , i'm in a call duh . and your call tone be too damn loud and can't seem to lower it down , i think my ear be go to blow up coz most of the time my earphone be plug in . that's all though . and yeah please allow to switch to video call while voice call . thanx .
i like .
very nice app . call quality be superb please add online offline and also last see feature in this application . thank to developer n wechat team .
why have we grant the permission of phone call and location when it be no use i question your seemingly despicable motivation . disable them by app ops . hahaha .
thank u hear me . so now i can start my conversation with my friend n family .
samsung galaxy note 5 .
wechat prove to be a great app to use both in china and in europe . desktop version be good too . however , the backup of chat history seem to be quite difficult if not impossible . i wish they could improve this aspect .
cannot use it keep crush on me .
y be the photo n sight won't show up in moment although i refresh so many time ad , fix the probs pls .
thx for the update .
but the voice n video call should be improve .
its nice to use this .
way to many small file create in my sd card .
i like it .
after latest update , the voice call icon keep appear even i minimise it . i can't use other application as the icon be disturb . how to remove the voice call icon from the screen even when i be on the line there be no such problem before until the latest update . please advise . thank you .
there should be account deactivate option also .
like it .
ix really guwd app .
not work for amiduos and bluestack .
i love it so much but i cannot install it .
why walkie talkie have disappear after update i'll give 5stars if have walkie talkie .
i want more people to join the video call plz fix .
what happen .
im use samsung young . i have download wechat for three time but i cant enter wecht once . i also have restart my phone but still the problem remain . help me pls .
during password retrieval , the app ask you to enter the old password hahahaha what a stupid app i give up and stop use the app . thank for nothing .
kindly update this app in which we can see if the recipient read my greet or message like other social app .
delay receive message and notification , image of moment still poor and no exit button . cannot redownload the break image . wechat be totally suck .
its awesome .
after latest update , the voice call icon keep appear even i minimise it . i can't use other application as the icon be disturb . how to remove the voice call icon from the screen even when i be on the line there be no such problem before until the latest update . please advise . thank you .
i dont know why when i post some picture on wechat moment but the picture blur a little bite , this be make me sad seriously . please fix this .
love it .
why when i open this app , it always close automatically i didn't do anything . just open it and it automatic close . in this year , i uninstall and install back for many time . install not for long and it will do the same . close whenever i open this app . please fix it . thank you .
it's a nice social app .
why ur new update fr wechat i get troble about the log in . i wait to long to open my app , not like the last version . i try to uninstall try downld the old version , but i still get the new version same problem . can ur tell me why .
for an older version , help for privacy and security update only use my device .
why there's a limit to pickup the drift bottle i think it's a lot better if there's no limit to pickup the drift bottle .
chat history .
after a factory reset and instal wechat . previous tencent folder be still there , but all my chat history be go . no option to backup into sdcard . very sluggish and ram consume compare to other messenger .
please consider wechat hub integration for priv .
hai i've be 3 year use a wechat , can you add a button clear moment at the setting for my older moment . i will rate 5 star if you do it . tq tencent .
only thing i'm have problem with be that i cannot use my camera on my front screen to take selfie record of myself i don't know why i don't have that feature can you pls help i would gladly appreciate it i'm give it 5 star .
phone number on a tablet . let me think . no thank , uninstalling . shame it doesn't mention this in the feature .
this app be the best before pls fix this . nobody can see my profile in people nearby . i may see the people near me but they cant see my profile if they try to search me there . i let my friend beside me to look and search for me . but really they cant . but if ill open people nearby feature i can see all . but im invinsible there . why .
cool chat app .
some message have be lose or not receive .
cant sign in and cant sign up worst app now i recomment my friend do not download and install this worst app .
why cant i upload picture anymore please fix it asap .
good my hole family use the app .
not bad at all .
best app .
best for connect other frends .
i'm face a problem of receive the message late . for example , when someone send me a message at 10am and sometimes i'll only receive it at 12pm . i've on my internet connection all the time though . please help to fix this problem . thank .
add please . i hate that icon . shitt low rate .
this application be very useful but use a lot of ram . please make it use less ram than its already be .
use to use mock location to chat with friend around the world . why now only restrict to nearby . when be your new update .
i like this app but i have no have it for long , when i be use to it i will give more info .
please make a delete my account button so it will ease me to deactive from wechat .
but sometimes it not respond .
i'd love to use wechat more , but the text size be too small . i change it to large , which be the biggest choice available , but it's still too small . even change the system font to make it larger . didn't wechat use to have 5 size choice galaxy s6 edge .
i cant see any picture or sight since i update it . can you fix it for me . thank .
i want this feature . i can't make call in this version . it always say connection error . three time in a row . i have good connection , but call via wifi always doesn't connect . i be use android 5 . 0 . please fix this problem asap .
after i update , it keep crash and i cant open at all . pls fix asap .
why u put the limit to use the bottle . please do unlimited bottle .
it give instruction to click back and enable chat log migration . where be back where to enable chat log migration .
when ever i log in into my acc , my battery drain so quickly . and when i log out , the battery usage be not as great when i log into my wechat acc . fix this .
love it .
wechat be nice to use .
why cant people find me on people nearby .
my wechat app cannot open . then i reinstall it and it still won't open .
i like this app because it be free on chat , call and many more . i like the emoji , some of them be funny look pic . the person who create the emoji be so animate on cartoon pic . nice .
after update , i can't even go into apps at all . always get kick out of apps . pls repair apps .
why people nearby load receive chat slow .
cannot download app from my samsung galaxy prime core i love the app .
even though i already install the new version .
i can't open it after i have update it , i update it successfully but can't open .
i love it .
why when i open the app , its only the moon can see it . why that happen .
i can't connect . it always say server failure . i uninstalled it and reinstall it and it still don't work . i send several diagnostic report and no luck . every other app that require internet work perfectly .
i hope u guy make the delete account feature for to make wechat better by take user's privacy more seriously . i hope u take my suggestion due consideration , thank you .
will love it if we know that someone have read our mesage .
after update . no message receive from others .
this app be cool . i mean u know there be no problem at all . just perfect in my point of view . but the problem be i dont know how to deactivate my account . pls help me out .
love this because you can chat with people from all over the world .
cant send and recieve . what happen .
i can't open my wechat account . why every time i want to open it , that word always appear on my phone screen .
this app be amaze .
i like it .
pic in the moment become half black . and its lag my tablet . slow when i want to open the apps .
can share photo but can't share video .
i can't download it why , i be use tab .
i don't have any phone so they didn't give my code , i just hate it .
love it so much .
no verification code be come via message . n even if call be come , no voice be hear say the code . stick with this nonsense for long .
i find this app excellent and never make me upset so i love to use it more helpful for entire world .
give my number and they keep say invalid . don't install .
im try many time to install . but when 100 its dissapeared .
i love it .
that's a great .
why can't download directly i hate it very much . soo ,
very good .
my phone be break if i open this sosial so long
great app .
can you add last see feature just like whatsapp please add it . it will be helpful . thnks .
love it .
i love this .
wechat be get on my nerve as it won't open and i have to uninstalled it several time .
i love wechat i wont lie , but since i've upgrade it , the block option , from ppl nearby have be remove . what the hell bring it back , some weirdo r busy msging me over and over again . unhappy .
you guy should add clear moment button . im piss to scroll all long way down to delete each moment .
love it .
no problem so far . fast . i like it that you can leave voice message .
the size be get bigger . currently , my wechat size be approximately 70mb . hope you guy fix it .
please allow more people to join the video call . please fix it .
that's not cool .
app will aotu close when sensitive data permission not give .
i cant open wechat . it freeze then force me to close . it just give me black screen .
easy to use .
csl . just give me a 3 month wechat data package for free . let's see how be wechat now .
good app .
online not see .
i can't use it in different device cellphone and tablet simultaneously . please follow android's design guideline . don't just throw the crap ios design on android . fix your bug before you add more crappy feature .
can't access your location , rubbish app .
keep up the good work .
it be no show who friend now online . so improve this problem soon .
it just do not want to download it have be load all night but nothing have be download .
it can't be open . it force close by itself . help me to figure this out .
very good .
love it .
love it .
after the upgrade can not enter the interface pull down video shoot small , depress .
not work the same it use to .
add a feature to record the vedio call in phone for future reference .
it crash a few time , which i never have happen before . i can no longer swipe down on the chat list to access or take sight video , and it tell me 3 time today it can't access my camera . please fix this .
hi m not able to make the video call . whenever i try to make a call the screen freeze and only voice can b hear . plz rectify asap thank .
argh like the old version , this one be crap .
load people nearby .
i hate the new version people nearby didnt work i want old version .
i be require to download this app to get credit in another app . create a profile and start get hit with message from horny boy . be underage i don't think that's cool .
cant you show the online status .
love it .
stlill error download we chat error 924 .
when i close the application , it's stop to receive notification of new message , it's very bad and still use much memory . we need backup to google cloud for android 6 .
in term of forward massage or picture or link , it's not as user friendly and convenience as other app .
the megabite consumption be on the other side .
why people can't recognize me on shake or even or people nearby . give 5 star if you fix this .
the tag system suck . if you add a new friend they can not see your previous moment in the tag system . before you use group and you could move people about the group and choose what they see . restore group feature please it be a far better system . last update totally screw the icon even more than before . unusable . well you still go to leave this crap system in place if you need help just ask .
awesome app .
god , i just hate the new version so much i wish i never have update it u will never know how many ppl nealy add u , u can never add ppl continually how come , god just give me the old version back .
it drain a lot of battery power can u guy do sum both this .
insufficient storage even though i still have a lot space .
nice for communication apps .
i be use first time but i hope everything it will be good .
i ask before about the chat backup and you say that it's not available i hope you make it available again and i hope you make more space for save sticker , 150 be not enough and one last thing add the around the world feature to meet new friend from everywhere .
there be no smartphone user in china who hasn't that app . for a reason . share pic with your friend , several option to choose , video and voice chat . also payment function be include . privacy well it's run by a chinese company .
like wtf it's uninstall wechat suddenly . be there's ghost in my phone like wtf really all my chat be clear like wtf .
can't connect to gps . try all location setting . clear data . reinstall . just doesn't work .
people nearby never work its always tell me to turn my gps on when it be on ,
i can't get any recharge reward , then why should i use this app .
people nearby feature not available .
we be on wechat .
my friend can't even get on it .
can't open after update . i try to install back it make a along time when install . please solve this faster .
wait for change id feature . please make it happen , only for once perchange .
when i make an acount it's freeze . and then when i force stop and start again be show just the moon picture and then close without an error why .
its okay .
nothing be wrong with it .
can't search people nearby after update latest version . too many problem now .
i love this app so much i never forget to open it daily .
love it .
this app be suck .
i like it most specially for china .
good app for chat .
its very easy to use . love it .
mind blow .
i love this app .
good at download .
my shake 24 hour not work . whats problem .
i cant view any image that people send . i've try to restart my phone but nothing happen , i still can't view what people send and some of wechat's wall that i cant view . fix this and i'll give 5 star .
awesome , this application much help to connect with friend on the world .
i hope you can make our favourite voice fowarded to anyone who we want to chat . and i think it will be awesome .
nice app .
please add rotation screen to landscape . thank .
it be best especially the sticker .
it's a good app , but after the new android update it's have to constantly force stop it and it be slow down the phone . i eventually have to uninstall it .
i love this app .
i want to send a song my partner personally . but i can't find that option . fix it i will give 5 .
good app .
i love wechat now , thank wechat team .
oh please , i can't change my cover picture and my profile picture . i also can't see wht my friend post such a picture and sight . please fix it .
no message with code try via phone call not work .
very interest message system . and very good way to communicate .
but sam time the shake be stack 1day be work 1is not work why help if u no be problem .
i like this app because it be free on chat , call and many more . i like the emoji , some of them be funny look pic nicethe person who create the emoji be so animate on cartoon pic . nice .
be lovely , very nice .
people nearby please fix it . gps on . but i still cannot find people nearby my home .
nice app .
easy to use .
love it .
to connect other people near me .
a delivery read receipt would be perfect .
invent more game and when the game be recharge i want you to set the recharge mol point .
international call .
need some help cause i can't install the app .
it be great app for chat with our friend and family . and it give many othors feature .
so slow this apps be crawl whats with the moon take so long to open .
i like it .
like it .
whenever i shake my phone only chinese woman find . and how greet be accept i dont know . how do i know other person be use this app now or that id be too old . do some upgradation man .
i love it .
u need to make sight be available for front camera .
still face same problem . i have try suggestion of wechat support team . but still can't login . password thru sms be not receive . please support .
love it .
i still cant use the people nearby feature . ny internet connection run just fine . ive uninstalled the app and instal it again . but didnt change anything . and you as the developer wont respon to my complain . suck .
it's good at first but when i want to find a friend i shake it and i constantly get the pervet one or maybe for sex .
i like to use this app because of easy to contact with my friend .
cant recieve image . it keep on load .
try many time re install ing .
long time i cant receive notification , why can u fix it and i give full star .
wechat be one of the awesome social network to use . but smtimes i really worry about a prob that i hv find on it . can't read the old moment photo's description . that's a prob over here . pls do better in future update . tq .
everytime i try to search sticker i always accidently close the chat with the swipe from leave to right thing , and i never use the funtion because i only close it through the x , can you add an option to disable the swipe thing .
i'm video call best once only .
i wish wechat could be like kakaotalk at least i can use it for my tablet . pls do , i think a lot o ppl will love this app very much . tq .
i will give more than 3 star if in wechat , we can delete what other have comment to our post . i cant delete their comment and i have to delete the entire post .
wow its amaze .
love it .
it's get there . unfortunately i can't backup my chat anymore .
the best .
could do with some update though , like who's online or not . mayb sort out the friend radar that never pick up any1 even if ur friend rite nxt to you , or spice up the emoticon abit . but overall it's good .
great app .
the previous chat backup history be easier to use than the latest one . it's annoy when you need to connect to wifi and grab another phone to transfer the chat history . why do you guy disable the cloud backup one nonsense .
like it thus far .
it keep freeze . i love the app . i've use it for a few year now and now after i update it , it keep freeze and the message wechat stop work always come up . please fix this . thank you .
a very good app . medium social . so private . love it .
no result find on wechat shake .
my wechat what's up . when i change my what's up to new , it change back be like same old what's up .
one other thing i have a great weekend and i will have to go back to you soon as you can also check out .
amaze apps .
my connection . be so strong but every time i'll video call always say network error fix it .
love it i also use wechat payment its really so good .
very good .
i like this app .
its to good for fun .
i love this but what wrong . i can not accept friend from people nearby please fix it asap .
i be love it because we nonit call ny wan talk . we just can talk in wechat app .
every update give much more fun . especially with game . i love wechat game .
can you make a theme for wechat . i'll give 5 star if you make it .
it take tlo much time in instal .
good for make new friend and live all function . voice message . sight . etc .
i'm use samsung galaxy , android 2 . 3 . 6 and i can't open my wechat at all it remain on the image of the earth . i be nvr able to log in . pls help .
why wechat today , connection be fine but cannot load moment , pic , send picture . please help me . i'm work use wechat app .
it run very slow and often not respond on my lenovo a60 kitkat . please fix it .
everything be pretty much great . but there be this problem though . it happen to me twice already . it once in a while , i wont be able to open the app . i try restart my phone but it be still the same . so i have to reinstall it which be a lot of trouble . i would rate tis 5 star if this stop happen .
love it .
fantastic app .
can not download it .
my image quality be low when i want to post a moment .
i love this app and how convenient it have be for me . i just get an android wear watch and i can't seem to get it to sync , any idea .
wechat doesn't seem to use location without wifi . without wifi can't use location in wechat . please fix this .
description in the title above .
best app i ever use .
the update suck . i can't even listen the voice message most of the time .
i like it .
not much emojis , should add more in the future .
good app , but so many student be use wechat . we want only mobile recharge coupon not shop coupon . and reduce the app size .
i like we chat for the most part but a couple thing bother me . chat be limit to a minute before you're cut off and the print be so light on the time that it's hard to see when message come in . sound quality of message be very good . much better than what's app .
nobody from support have get back to me regard this matter very frustrate .
its complete for me .
whats wrong my internet connection run just fine . all wechat feature work fine except people nearby feature . why help me on this . people nearby be the feature why i instal this app . thank .
i download wechat thereafter wechat apps launcher be not on my phone .
yes . because i could't change my whats up .
people near by option when it available in india .
i lovvee this app .
please fix this im unable to add friend use their wechat id and that's annoy .
what's wrong with wechat i cannot send or receive message , i cannot send moment and load moment , fix it plz tq .
last see option be not there and no option to know the user be online or not .
when ever i install wechat why instal two wechat another everything be ok .
like this .
the app doesn't install at all .
balance automatically reduce . wasteg your time . after some time automatic account block . time pass .
not respond on my galaxy .
unable to open application after the new update .
it require permission to make and manage phone call . i don't want it to make phone call but it insist on the permission in order to start . they don't seem to care about user privacy .
why can't download my wechat after i change my number do something .
i just come across wechat social network i love it keep it up .
when ever i'm shake my phone people from other country like malaysia , iraq , iran etc be display i want people from my own country or city please fix the issue .
its very good app .
need a front button for sight .
work for me .
when i enter my number it say it be invalid , iv be try multiple time for the past year and you people still havent sort it out . i live in botswana but it seem like alot of people from around the world be have the same issue . this be frustrate and stop people from use your app but its obvious you dont seem so care much . i be really do try . i dont not recommend this app to anyone , dont waste your time download it .
awesome to chat on .
why my favourite sticker cannot use .
can't delete my account even in new version .
becuase i like that name for it .
make it able tu see mutul friend . please . and why don't you respond my feedback .
why my asus zenfon5 cant install the wechat pls fix it .
why my wechat app dont have wechat wallet how i go to check where to update .
m get video call error unable to pick call nd some other issue also like shake nd near by . unable to see .
i love it .
doesn't show an active friend or tell read message . too bad .
always not respond . and cannot send recieve a single message . and cannot load moment too . i keep reinstall but still the same . and sometimes very hard to download back . please fix all the issue i really want to use wechat don't just reply to my feedback , but do something about it .
what happen to my wechat acc from yesterday , i can't send any message and i also can't load the moment . please fix it .
some of the emojis doesnt appear .
why the new version have no walkie talkie fix it .
how to delete my wechat i delete the app but it still appear in my friend's phone . pls help .
why i can't open wechat keep show the moon .
can't start the app at all after update , pls fix it asap .
3 sms with code . won't log me . back in .
why there be no wallet in my wechat .
i wanna backup my conversation in my phone as i need to format my phone . pls help . window wechat doesnt seem to have the feature to backup text from my phone .
can't open my wechat . already uninstall and re install but still can't open . i love this app . please fix .
. tah pape tah . da berat . lembap ar . , ergh .
i love it .
easy to use .
nice apps . flawless .
this apps be nice if u can share vedio like other apps .
sometimes it feel bore .
good job admin .
i love .
so many permission .
xleh bukak .
that use to select friend in a group doesn't work . also the article can't be send to other group . they work before but break in the latest android marshmallow . more to repot after select a certain group to share moment , if i watch my select picture again , the group i select will get deselected , that be , change back to public .
sorry i have to rate it before i'm allow to ask this question why be i get this message your current wechat version may be compromise . for your security , we advise you do not log in to wechat via non official version . if you continue to do so , you may be at the risk of be block . my version be 6 . 3 . 7 android . it keep log me out after a few hour i have to log in again and again . that's the same experience i have use qq before it finally block me without a reason . till today i cannot recover my account and the admin will not respond . wechat be also show me a totally wrong location from where i be . and it will not let me set my correct location . this app be good about 2 year ago but to be honest it suck more and more with every new release update .
its a good app it just need a way for you to delete your account and i've look through the app setting to many time and still no delete account button please put one on there .
this app trbaik adalh reply .
we love it .
i want to change my user name .
wechat always semme see .
change to 1 star . it be a nightmare that i try to log in to my account use a different phone . this be the stupidest log in verification ever make by human be . all those people who make the log in verification should definitely be fire without any reconsideration . this be a good example of how some stupid people put extra work to make simple thing stupid .
still good .
raj singh .
i try 3times and different phone it still dont work pls fix it asap .
thank for your help .
my memory card work fine . but i cant open any moment .
if you can add some function like hide the content of message in notification status bar , please add it . thank you .
just one thing , i wish that the search feature in my post could be add in the future .
very nice .
that great .
an open app to request debug flash back ah .
it wont bring in any message until i open it the message only update after i open wechat , which mean i miss out the chat all the time .
guy please fix the realtime location doesn't work . and same with the send location every time i open the realtime or send the location the app be suddenly close . crash ty .
don't us this app vary bad app . i don't like .
how can i delete my account please help .
broadcast didnt work any more .
because wechat always take my phone space so much . peace .
good best .
aleesya love it sex .
shake feature not at all work after lolypop android update . please respond . too many bug . hello .
it's so good .
nice apps but don't show online active friend . please solve this problem .
v , bad .
i can use it well . for my need to contact .
lousy app n worse we cannot even delete our account .
we like .
recently i'm get message late . the people send me message the day before and i'm get it today . please fix it guy . otherwise it be really gud .
so best .
when i change my profile picture , it change for a while , then the next few hour it change back to my old picture many time .
i love wechat because it be good and nice .
good app .
hang . when use ear hear . sticker only up to 150 .
i like use it but why this app not available .
that outgo tone be too much loud and probably unnecessary . it will be very helpful if that sound remove and set a normal soft tone . then 5 for sure .
i be face same problem as meesa chia that i do exactly as she do but get same negative result .
people nearby please fix it .
we chat .
its a very good apps .
what happen my wechat suddenly get block . pls help me to fix it .
its always not respond . always update i m so tire of do it again . my phone doesnt work anymore so i ll have to take the battery and turn it on again .
hey wechat . wechat not run my phone . what heppen please help . i need this now .
very good .
cannot search near bye .
share with friend ok .
please help me . i didnt find walkie talkie at my wechat . pls fix it .
cannot receive and load message . cannot send moment . hope you read this .
my we chat still old .
thank you .
i would like to remove my current wechat account and create a new one but wechat doesn't let me to do it . be there any solution for this problem .
please . please fix this .
help me . nobody can see me on people nearby . just happen few day ago . pls fix . tks .
love it .
its tell me my account be set to protect because its log in from an unofficial version of we chat and do some step to unlock but when i put my phone number for recovery nothing happen what should i do .
i like this game because i love texting people .
it also effect photo that i save in gallery , cannot se .
i love it .
very cool .
again and again , this app make the same mistake . fix this .
please fix this . there be no notification about receive message from friend .
i don't know what be wrong . either my phone or this app i don't know , i can't even send message . when i send the message it's send . please help thank .
very useful app . thank .
enough naa tekk .
nice app , . good , . why not make lite version . for low coverage .
i can't download this application plz . halp .
its can't download . it say not enough space in my phone . but , i have many space in my phone .
start about a week ago , at least once a day the app become so slow it be unusable , and i be force to restart the app . very frustrate when i be try to use the app to message someone when i be out and be force to wait a few minute for the app to close and restart .
i cant open it from the start i instal it .
love it .
i like we chat . b , coz it be best for chat . voice . and etcetra .
why my wechat account always cannot be open . i always have to unistall it and install it back just to open my wechat account . and of course all my message be go . i need your help . thank you .
how can i fix this i can't use the people nearby . it's always can't locate my location .
sorry can not be stop by the le .
good app .
without exit and start from the begin every time should be essential . very annoy without this feature .
i forget my password . please help .
good luck with your own business .
it have all function and the best for personal privacy and it's free . there be nothing to complain for me .
when i m enter number it will show invlied nunber . but my number be value still be use same its register in my number . i also talk about my mob coustmer service as same . they also conform my number be value it will active in my name . if i check other number it will work . but still my number be problem . my number be start 35 . if it be start 34 or other it will work . i think its only problem . 35 .
i like to masseg to my india friend and malaysia friend .
fine but the money transer option in wallet when will come to india it be already available in china .
run very slow after updation very slow in open of key board and send message . need a update which show that whether the friend be online or not . and how far he be . very problematic .
where the search nearby option go . shake option search the people that be not nearby me . its so bad nd i dont like to shake again and again . it show only one person on one shake . not interest .
law it .
i love it with all my heary .
i be not able to send and recieved picture from all of the other user since yesterday . it show unable to download the image pls help me to slove it .
great app . only thingni believe be miss be a pin setup for each time you open the app much like kakaotalk . allow in depth privacy and security in case your phone go miss . for those who havebfmailynon the app and photo post i think this be good to protect the user and their love one such as kid , parent , . etc .
hat it .
so good .
it be greathes app i love it .
can use the audio . hope u guy can fix it . thx .
super chat apps .
older version .
very good app .
i'm not able to scan the qr code . ugh it so annoy cause the app keep on crash .
why can't i save my history ever since i update this app , it have not be work .
hard to make .
the word be small even with xl .
what hapend it sudenly log out . and when log in again same massage come out . season time out .
da best .
really need it .
ok but why cant log in .
fail to access the pedometer on nexus 6p .
i love it .
you know everything in your fingertip .
yeah i like it .
i love it .
great and secure way to share pix and chat .
i like it bcuz it easier than other .
very good .
nice app . i like the feature of turn the voice dial off if desire . it be functional . be nice to have a notification that the recipient have read your message or the last time they be on the app . if this be not part of the original design , so be it .
tihan luck frei code .
all emoji load please .
it's not accept my number .
i be a new member here and i dont know how to use it please help me .
feature like email chat , type and read message indicator should b add .
no transparency . wats app be far better app .
not better .
i love we chat .
i like .
change theme .
low . load .
what happen to my acount .
my we chat be have problem since a week . i can send message but i can't receive any message . i update and work once and then no more .
i hate it .
hope we could use front camera on your sight feature .
love it .
when i upgrade the last time , i'm video call with my friend the camera be too poor , why .
after shake by 30 second it say no result find please try again please fix it . help me . and i'll give u more star . thank you .
so good .
i have a problem regard my shake app i didnt see any people from my country some almost people shake there phone appear be from diff . counrty like indo , china etc . please help me im from philppines thank and godbless .
where be the cloud chat migration feature .
i search this option but be not find that option so pls some one help to find it .
love it .
why can't i download it .
hey wechat i have my new phone samsung note 2 my old phone be samsung tablet . i try log in to my wechat i write the correct username and pasword then it say to verify my friend photo then it just show red sign with word in it . it say to write 3 my friend number and my link last 4 number . please help me . i cant login to my wechat .
do not work well in this part of the country .
i like wechat .
cannot use people nearby feature .
very friendly .
very easy to call my member .
i love it .
i cant sign up my account . when i have log out it . it may take long time . for log in bck . and i have to unnistaall this app and install bck for log in my account back . huh .
after uplode . i be nt able to search people nearby . fix it asap . wechat .
the speed to download it be so fking slow .
not good .
samsung galaxy note 5 .
pls then ill give full .
report harassment as often as you like you will receive an automate message about how there be unable to solve the problem 99 . 9 of the time . if you're a serial harasser however , this be the app for you because your action have no consequence .
can you add private button to a status not only at picture it will make it more interest . i hope you will do it and we can change the wechat id for the second time . once again i hope you will do it .
app you be not bind bracelet , bind bracelet in the millet sport app , and bind the micro my bracelet be bind fix please .
do not have any notification pop up km status bar anymore since i have update to the latest version . what happen i have turn on all notify on wechat and even my phone setting , yet still do not have pop up when there be message in my wechat . please fix it .
it always bug me of and be annoy and gust doesn't work .
my nexus 5 can't use people nearby feature . always show unable load your location data . go back and try again , altough my location data be on .
great app , i really like it . but i want edit my caption .
i can't make wechat out call . pls help me ,
i can't see my moment and my chat sometimes .
very good .
hate it cannot receive send anything if auto update fail . even update recently , today stop receive send msg again .
almost 10x already reinstall coz can't refresh the moment , then after reinstall still same problem occur . pliss fix it , i'm use xperia c3 .
from the english version . why can't we post just at text post to our moment .
hello . why be your app keep on say unable to send photo . when i try to resend it will take a very long time to upload . why be your app be slow n snail .
love to have share facility like whatsapp easily share the chat to other social medium .
it make my battery life short .
what kind of app doesn't let you delete your account wack .
love it .
reward should be interms of recharge for our cell phone as u have before now quite unhappy . uninstalling .
picture in wechat cannot be see in phone storage even though during save in appear save but upon check to photo it actually didn't .
very good .
it didnt work .
suddenly cant send voice message , please fix this .
very good app .
for some reason i want to access through my gmail account and i can't access with my phone number because i don't have a phone number , so i download this thing so i could talk with my friend through my gmail account and it can't why please reply .
easily communicate to friend and family circle .
today i download we chat tomorrow i download the you chat , next week i download the all chat , many bug , such fix , league of legend .
i instal this app for 3 time . i think the problem be with my phone , so i restart and reformatted it . but when i reinstall again , i stucked again with the same problem . in short , i always stick on the photo with the globe and a guy stand star the globe . dafudge .
it do not let me do anything .
no result find on wechat shake .
can i have 2 wechat or more account with the same mobile no .
why i cant log in to wechat . it keep show the moon and stop there . it didnt show the log in and sign up . it just show the moon . everytime i install it , it keep do the same mistake . im so annoy about it . help please .
option of people nearby be not visible .
work way better than skype , have feature that whatsapp lack , my prefer way to keep in contact with friend .
i love use wechat but i can't send a message . say unable to access the server .
doesn't wrk . why be my i'd non exist when search .
how can i block my wechat account .
nothing to say about wechat .
this app doesnt hav settng of filterng gender , while find new frz . by shake . it show randomly male nd female .
please get recharge offer in wechat reward in every month .
nice app .
but i hate . some problem be there in these app .
when i take sight in wechat with my nexus 5x , the result be an upside down short video . this be a know issue due to the camera api accord to google . please fix this .
its good .
however . dis aap be not dat popular bt den to its very useful .
where be november winner list . today be 5th november . n many coupon be not apply .
its cannot rotate .
i have wechat default app in my phone , but it cannot update , so i uninstall the wechat app from my phone . when i reinstall wechat app , it fail .
superb . but shake option not satisfy .
i love it .
why i cannot open my wechat .
why i cannot open the wechat at my phone my phone be samsung galaxy young . if i install wechat i can't open why . im so sad because cannot open my account wechat .
photo be automatically save in my gallery . so annoy smh and there's no feature to disable that .
there be no red envelope function here . only this version .
why i be not able to send photo to my friend and not able to share also .
suddenly serch people by shake be not work .
cannot sign up . take forever to sign in . why . why . why .
the camera for sight be very laggy , this also apply for post process . i recently change from lollipop to marshmallow and this do not change . the sight could have be much better like the zoe from htc and the live photo from iphone 6s and we want to experience that stuff too . the photograph support however be so .
high mb with low feature . not much useful .
people nearby be not work .
buy a new phone sony xperia z5 , during restoration old chat which be upload earlier keep on fail . stop or discontinue , have to keep on press continue for hundred of time .
please add despicable me sticker or minion sticker , thank .
please help me to solve this problem .
i love to use it i can use it for record my own momeny . and it easy .
unable to back up chat to the server .
cannot have to chat with friend continue its show errorr please fix it .
love it .
love that .
it do everything i need it to do .
now the sms code be have problem .
i be annoy bt this chat restriction . message can't go through .
i can't judge who's online or offline . developer's please introduce this feature on this app .
please fix this . if i open wechat it will lack and not respond . i hope you can fix this and i will plus 2 star for you .
since i have update to the latest version , i've be have endless problem use the people nearby feature . constantly say unable able load location data , please try again , unable to locate gps position , please go to setting . i do not have this issue with other apps .
where be the people nearby option .
always crash please fix it .
1 . wallet everytime you want to send money the app want to start the registration process all over 2 . if you loose your phone anyone can add them to your contact and transfer money from your phone . it do not log out of wallet automaticly .
i accidentally delete all my chat and clear the chat history how can i retrieve my last week chat .
why i can't install this apps .
minor issue last night . it's back to normal now . i love this app . thank you wechat .
wechatwerun be break now , say my bracelet isn't bind with wechat . need fix .
as the all user i agree its have get worse than before . we want it get better . by the way i have an account and lose the password i want it to get it back what should i do .
with my friend .
hi guyz , whenever iam try to shake , show this result no result find , try again . how to fix this . 2 day iam face this problem . whatever fantastic apps .
i install this only for 15 day joox vip .
update virson of wecha can not open in my phone . so plzz solve my problem . why upadste virson cant open .
always crash please fix it .
when i format my phone i can't login my i'd . when i do a new i'd i can't change my username why please fix this .
why wechat suddenly miss from my app then i can't download it back .
it be really cool . i love it .
generally it be good app like it can't listen write a voice message with my bluetooth headset plantronics m165 pair with nexus 5x . on sgs4 i can only listen message with this headset . how would i fix it .
i go to the cross symbol but i cant find the walkie talkie icon , why .
why wechat no last see .
i've come to know it's good for communication . i'm try to download it since 2days but unable .
android version 4 . 1 . 1 kernel version 2 . 6 . 35 . 7 can download and install but stick at the moon . cant sign in .
cant change profile photo . suck .
i can't open my wechat . please fix this .
hope the function of cloud migration can get back cuz i always lose my chat logand i cant get back when i lose it .
great app in this moment .
i want to change the id wechat .
it be horrible it's the right phone number but it say it's not right .
many people complain many time about wechat design just copy ios design without use android design guideline . it seem wechat team focus on ios more than android . also , so many message app can work across multiple device but wechat can't .
i can't download wechat on my phone after i delete alot of application .
wat happen i cant see who i talk to .
buy a new phone , during restoration old chat which be upload earlier keep on fail . stop or discontinue .
why i cannot use people nearby . so many time i try too use people nearby but cannot work .
why maximum friendlist amount only 50 it's too small capacity . i hope you can maximise the capacity .
from here i meet a guy . my truly love . and now i marry with him . love wechat ever .
i cant open my wechat why please help me i need to find someone .
i download wechat n try to sign in but i cant . it doest show log in and sign up . all i can see be a man star at the moon .
its an ok app and widely use .
app be very gud . but untill i open we chat i won't get notification . wen i open this app then i ll receive all message untill that i won't get any notification .
consume too much ram of background process .
should introduce the online , offline , last see status .
video be very clear .
love it .
very nice app .
i love jto it so owesame .
u modify pc app so we can run without phone connection .
if u reply to this ill send u 100 u . s dollar .
i have enough balance in my wallet but i cannot use it to transfer money to my friend . sometimes it work but most of the time it doesnt .
how do i to del a old acc which i dont use it .
i need this app .
help i'm stucked at the welcome screen . it won't load anything after that . not even ask for log ins whatsoever . i've try uninstalling and delete everything then reinstall the app . it didn't help . just stucked at the welcome screen with the moon . what should i do .
but i'm not able to log in my other account .
best chat with friend .
love it use world wide .
like it .
i still dont get it . why can i install this app .
if it get group call it will better .
why i must to download 3 time . very lol lah . serious finish my internet mb gb .
i love it .
i like it .
great app .
cannot open , stick at the moon .
when i download it so . slow .
love it .
i love this app .
audio message and sight cannot to work . when i press , the word example wechat be deny to start the sound record plz help me .
chat be better with wechat .
i can't see my profile picture and my other friend too please fix this asap .
wtf . pleasee fix it . my phone always show android icon and wc not instal on my fhone . i use samsung galaxy v plus .
good app to communicate with friend , family and business person .
it can't be download .
when you go to the google translator and change your word from let say english to japanese and copy the text and you put it in wechat and translate it by simply put your finger there for 2 second and press translate well guess what it doesnt go in the right order you write your sentence .
we can't see the status of a message . we just send . ie can't see whether or not the message have see by the recipient . more over about the person status also . whether the person be online or not .
over all good app . but when i shake my phone i can not get list of friend . what should i do .
why recenrly my wechat be not work through broadband wifi .
today i've log out my account . when i try to log in . i've wait for more than 10 minute and yet nothing happen . my internet connection be pretty speed . plz help me .
keep say network issue . but other apps connect to wifi be okay .
i want this feature .
ui be not very intuitive . feel awkward . e . g . require unnecessary button press to leave chat , find setting , then access it etc . see line as example of better ui .
great app .
hi install the app i have asus zenfone2 laser after installation app be not open .
nice one .
like it very much .
my we chat cannot open . help me to solve this problem .
stupid chat app .
wechat be great connect apps . all this be good except the access problem . sometimes it stop . i can't run it . please fix this .
nyc app .
hi , wechat why i can't open the wechat i instal already , but i cant open , when i format the phone , then i instal wechat , but i can't open to use , i try it two time already , pls fix this problem faster , quick , i want to use this apps , i get a emergency time to do , please fix this problem , faster thank you .
i try to sign up and wait for the verification like an hour and never receive it , what be wrong with wechat please fix it , i never receive the verification code , so upset .
why i can't download wechat .
i can't open the app and once i want to open their kick me out , please do something .
create wechat lite version p .
great app .
its good apps but the resolution of picture be become less as compare to real one .
wow i love it .
when i try to log in from another devicr , it say that my account be log onto on my device . i be well aware but then it make me log on again for what be my device where i get that tedious notification . the same just happen to the other device . get it fix .
have fun .
nice app .
i dont know what happen with my wechat . i cannot upload any msg receive moment . how many time i should uninstall install again this app for update the moment if , i just log in my wechat still show moment for yesterday or 2 day ago . how come be like tat please assist .
sometimes it hang and cant open and please do update the emoji .
love it .
i've update it and it cant be open . it stick at the earth picture . please fix it .
really amaze .
i will give 5 star if you can fix this . this be the third time i re install wechat . and still . can't make voice and video call .
do not get result of we reward nov .
no result find on wechat shake .
i hat block because if anyone block me i can't shake or send for people .
i hope wechat maker can develop this application with a bar know who be online and who be offline . so people will get easily know who to contact . please .
i love it .
love it .
but when i download it , it say infuciement space . i hope someone can help me .
not work at all .
what's wrong with app . it's be a 4 day , i be not able to do anything . i be try to upload new pic and change my profile pic but it's stick on upload and nothing happen .
please give daily contest like line do , win something like line doll . please share profit with user , without user , wechat cannot earn money . line milleage program reward user when user chat .
i m use lg g2 mobile . i can see my partner very clearly but my front camera be show to the my partner 95 dark in day light also . kindly fix it for me i wanna give 5 star after you fix it ty .
five star .
can't change i'd .
i keep experience network connectivity issue and unstable network during voice call . please fix . it would also be great if the photo that be send to you , automatically save to your phone instead of have to save one by one . thank you .
very good .
i agree .
my friend doesn't have a message on her phone so she get this and now we can text .
im khalek khan .
never ever it disappoint me .
lv it .
jayashree biswas .
i cant change my profile pict . it keep load but nothing appear .
application be okay .
nice app .
very good .
do not share the data wechat .
why when i shake it find only asian people , why it do not find english or another people .
this be the app exist in the rest dnde bnvnyache zhthu benchod cutya .
wechat should be upgrade like the whatsapp's last see .
this make me easy to chat with all my friend without charge any prepay . it a great application .
whattapp faster ag .
nice app .
one of the best .
bokwash app .
why i cant update to the latest version .
will wechat have a chathead next update that will be easy to use when im on another app .
im not able to see photo that have be share by my friend on moment . it crash and turn black . why i already tell you about this and still get no change .
nak tahu i'd say please gif your i'd hahahah .
very helpful .
im have a trouble download the wechat . im stucked on instal .
hello wechat .
very nice i love it .
it's alright .
i can't make wechat out call . please advise .
no comment .
my samsung galaxy cannot log in what be the problem pls recover the old version .
fix that why when load chat . my wechat get crush . think that .
love it .
i have a problem when i try to search people use people nearby . it always show notification that unable to load my location data and tell me to try again . same thing appear after try it later . admin please help me or fix the problem .
be enjoy it .
great app .
i like it .
nice for chat .
it be so leg .
error everyday i try to download it but i couldn't due to an error .
all good .
voice call be good . but how will i know if my contact be available or not .
huhai . the best and nice .
the best .
very good .
why i can create a account .
nice app . i hope you can make the sight duration more longer . it too short .
i like help me keep in touch with my asian friend .
no customer service they have block me from last 5 day for shake and bottle . feature and they be not give me any reason why .
support go keyboard emoji .
because it easy to use .
but best and power .
totally amaze .
i can't open my wechat . i have try many time . everytime i try to open it , this thing will off right away . please do something about thiss .
my friend and i use to play pencil pilot but now it's go . we really love the game cause it's simple and we can beat each other in rank .
if this app can stop the haker to hack our account i will give five star .
just nice .
freak bad .
don't even waste your time .
why be my people nearby feature seem unable for second time previous it be ok for 1 week then i cannot use again . people can't find me and i can't send greet , i always troubleshoot the app but seem not work . plz help mr fix as i love to use the app . thank .
everytime i open sight be only black screen and just audio be play . please fix as soon as possible .
we chat .
get a new phone and try to migrate the chat history over . after scan the qr code and open the link , nothing happen . try to use the server restore function and it always have error download . now , i can't restore all the chat from my old phone over .
when i open it say actually wechat be stop than i open it again it's okay but i can't receive any message and i can't send message . please fix this and i would give 3 or 4 star i f i want to and please add more sticker .
cannot foward link and keep shut down app .
i like it .
i do really like this application . it's so easy to use . thank you .
no one reply in wechat and all fake people .
gud app .
it's so great .
always stick . please make some different . fix it .
good for video call .
this app be useful but it be very slow and get hang too as compare to other apps . as i be use samsung a7 which support all the apps . kindly help in this matter .
im not able to upload photo and sight after i update my wechat . why .
it use to work fine . ever since the recent update . it constantly freeze the app and can't click the message . wish i never update it . how can i go back to older version .
i will say the sound quality be great i enjoy the sticker and every aspect of this application accept the fact you have no clue where i be . i have send message to the online chat support but it do not help me if we can fix this i will change my rat to a 5 .
i get a lot longer battery life by greenifying wechat , which be not really optimal solution . i don't understand why it still do a lot of wakelocks when gcm service be use .
base on tencent qq . it's not hard to explain why we be heavy wechat user . it be a good product , even facebook messenger get some idea from it .
i hope wechat build a new version for people play wechat anytime .
its good .
i have be report many time without use the app really try to say hi once and thats it , limit account .
till now i still have the same problem with sight and video call . that be green screen while do sight or video call . please fix it asap . it be irritate .
u know i be crazy about wechat .
i'm like seriously be try to find people around me but i'm get the feedback that it's temporarily unvailable because i've be report too many time , wtf it's my first time use this lame app . it look like the previous owner of my number be use it . could this be the reason i'm ban smh .
i be use samsung galaxy s6 , and very often i find the problem when launch wechat , it say unfortunately , wechat have stop and i can't use it at all . i like the app , but i hope this bug will be fix very soon . and there be no sign what we can do , very frustrate .
please fix this i get problem to approve all my member .
hey i want report the delete button , i suggest you to fix the delete button couse it force delete , i just want recall but it already delete , the delete button be near recall , i hope next update have suggest the delete button like yes or no something like that hope .
i can't open wechat keep load for this two day .
like it .
it make thing easy around me .
nice apps .
i've try all my password . but still can access . i need help asap .
m nt eabl 2 see near by option .
i love it .
how i want to change id will somebody teach me how . thank .
i wish i would know why my account get block all the time . just help please . i try unblock it do not work . i need my account back please .
wrong shake feature location .
wechat make me so mad yesterday , i can't to send the photo to the moment . why .
hello , i have problem with wechat verification code . can't receive sms code i try it many time .
people nearby be not work my gps navigation be on i update also , but still not work .
i love the app but please change your description . you guy say over half a billion people use it but there be only about 100 million download .
i cant access my account it show error for no resone .
wechat be awesome , and better than whatsapp and messenger , video quality just cool and all feature be amaze , thank s to we chat for create awesome app for us .
i can't refresh my moment . cant find friend . unable to send message .
i love wechat .
when my phone shutdown . it uninstall by it self . and everyday i must download it again . help la .
my friend invite me for group video call and im be not receive any notification . and my friend its keep say aidid busy .
cant connect call , not because of network issue .
in my wechat it's hasn't the wallet . i can't call the taxi and anything else .
good job .
i'm frustrate at my message have stick or unsend despite multiple attempt of re send , and re instal of the application .
very useful .
i can not to the work to this app past 10 day .
there be no option of people nearby in my discover please fix this problem as soon as possible .
all feature be fine but very hard to search bck chat history . can add the ability to search bck chat history .
i love it very much .
why i cant download its keep erro pls fix it .
i love the video of wechat .
i have update . now it log in but not load .
its very good for chat .
hope the function of cloud migration can get back cuz i always lose my chat logand i cant get back when i lose it .
i love it .
i like it .
app be very gud . but untill i open we chat i won't get notification . wen i open this app then i ll receive all message untill that i won't get any notification .
i love this app .
i can share everything with my friend list . i can chat with my old friend . yeah .
cool app .
maybe a few minor bug issue but overall i love it .
before i like we chat because its better and clearer than skype now i hate it because now it always hang up even if only in voice call now my wife and i cant understand each other anymore when we use this we chat now our communication get lower than before . pls fix this we chat problem .
can be use for other service like your cable station .
still can't install it the error code still same as before . code 24 .
i dont even have those emoji like iphone . im use samsung s3 .
dear all this app so bore there be not any option to find new friend just like only chat with know person and shake option find only boy location not girl so do nt wast ur time .
sometimes the voice note on chat be cannot be use , i don't know why but it's not send when i hold and then let it , why hahh please make it good back .
sometime get people simply add in group without confirmation .
i hat it because this wechat app can't install by my phone sorry thats not because of wechat because of my phone hahahaha sorry .
the latest update keep crash . please help . check your support step , all verify , still crash . kindly help please .
it sometimes need to logout n then login to recieve or send msg . shake or drift bottle feature may not work . once logout n login everything will get back normal . nw it be occur often .
you can't even delete your account .
love it .
i like it .
i be unable to find new friend on we chat while shake the device please help me or fix this .
why we can't delete people comment . please fix it .
my phone be miss and my email be not connect to my account . how i want to recover my account help me and i'll change my rat .
how do i get my money to transfer me by wechat i .
this one suck .
i love wechat . i can chat with my freind .
no people nearby option appear in my phone but it be appear in other .
i've download it almost after an year and what i see that the option of nearby people have be remove .
i still cant post or comment text which be more than 30 alphabet in this new version wechat .
hope can use email to sign up account because phone number will change but email won't . tq .
voice talk cant use pls help to solve it .
i love the new update video voice call with more than 2 ppl . it's really awesome .
when i login it show earth then close itself , im use asus fonepad .
awesome app .
i like this .
this seem only happen on my nexus 5x . please fix it .
why it take too long . time to open it .
i cant see my friend post picture and not able to open the picture .
love it .
love it .
thank you .
from yesterday until now i cant use my wechat properly , keep hang and problem , my work data be store in wechat apps , it bring me a ridiculous error .
nice it be .
good but should have enough data .
everytime i try to search nearby , it say unable to load location data , please try again . i have gps on , even try by 3g 4g and to my wifi network . i first sign up use my phone number but that number be on a different phone . i be use a travel data sim that cannot accept message . i link my email and facebook and then unlinked the phone number , even check permission on my android 4 . 2 . 2 jellybean , and still unable to load location data . really no use of this app if i can't search nearby .
i have delete the app but m not able to install it again . pls fix it .
i love this app .
love it .
hope can use email to sign up account because phone number will change but email won't . tq .
app doesn't work . i can't login into my account . please help me .
don't this app have landscape mode .
i just log on into my acc and it just stay load , pls fix this . thnk you .
i've download it almost after an year and what i see that the option of nearby people have be remove .
when i prepare account first the shake work but someone disable it by hack will you resolve my problem . it mean the application be not safe anyone can hack it easily .
try download apk through the link u send me . cannot be instal .
haha . i can do the moment that i like everytime .
the latest update keep hang up . please help .
this apps always appear the bug that cause me to report to miui . its ok then i always press report but it still pop out many time non stop its really annoy i report for so many time but it doesnt fix it for so long time its terrible . please solve this .
it doesnt work at all . i cant even log in . it keep freeze at the desktop picture . im use galaxy . please fix this .
i love ppl to chat with me .
nice app .
i love it .
i already go to website that wechat team give me . but i still cannot add people and my wechat didnt show out at people nearby . i want to know what reason . it almost 1month already . if someone report my wechat so what should i do and then until when i cannot use people nearby im so piss off . please fix it . tq .
i wanna talk about ram consumption , please do lessen ram consumption . that's all . but overall . wechat be do great effort guy . good job .
so good .
after this update and change of people nearby greet interface . it doesnt notify for new greet . everytime i have to check manually for new greet in old version it show number of greet . very disappoint .
why i can't find video call in my we chat .
very good application i love it .
love it .
hi , use htc820 , get to much slow , use tok much battery nd processor . pls asist m .
the best .
y this be not work .
i can reply to other people's bottle but i never get a reply from them . it be ok with my old account , not this new account . please fix .
hi wechat please help me . about wechat be stick at moon logo .
it be a good app , download this .
please increase the videocalling quality .
very awesom3 .
it's lag on lenovo s850 need more improvement . i give 5 star when its improve on my lenovo s850 .
hi why when i instal this apps in my phone its can't open it's always show the moon . why .
yahh . i can contact with someone without lag and its could save my budget .
love it .
i can't check the new massage form my notification when my friend reply me it's just have notification sound omly be this myself problem but i check all my notification set be on . but i don't know why .
its high .
i still cannot instal wechat . whats problem .
hi , my wechat have a problem . no one can see what im post without im tag them . pls help me solve this .
shake option fail oftenly . pls fix it .
wechat usually stop no reason and then can not open anymore . i have to uninstall 3 time . every time install again , i lose all of my mess . i really hate it .
i cannot use my voice massege . what happen .
please fix this . i can't either view my own sight or others . i can't be play . please fix this asap . and upgrade the sight which be can use a front camera . thank . need your response asap .
why be my people nearby feature seem unable for second time previous it be ok for 1 week then i cannot use again . people can't find me and i can't send greet , i always troubleshoot the app but seem not work . plz help mr fix as i love to use the app . thank .
i can't see near by option .
my phone android 5 . 0 . first , receive a new message but not list out the person who send to me , sometimes need log out and reload again . second , no message but chat still remind have message .
it stick . why it cannot be open why tell me why .
this application so noob , and so lag , my connection be good , but still slow to download pic and sight . noob 1 star for tencent , i use ip6 .
great app .
it's too same of the problem doesn't work . or maybe be my phone have problem .
when i launch the app it keep crash ing this updata be the one cause it .
i cant install this app .
why i can't backup my wechat history .
hi why when i instal this apps in my phone its can't open it's always show the moon . why .
i can chat with my friend .
nice application .
why i can't log in use other device . when i try to verify friend's photo . i just see blank white screen . help me please . urgent .
i try to create a new account without out know that the number i put there be the same number i be use to chat so the new get create and i lose my old account pls help me i need my old account back .
i've search on the internet to see how can i delete all the past post i have in moment . dissapointedly i find that there seem to be no mean to realize it at this moment though clearly there be demand out there amongst user . delete hundred of post manually one by one be no fun . please include massive deletion of post option in future update and i'd be happy if wechat team hear my voice .
it would be cool if wechat could have chat head like the facebook messenger app so we can chat while be on other apps .
i don't like the new add people nearby version . it's confuse . how can i get the old version .
my phone's barely launch this app after the new update . it keep close repeatly .
there should be a way to delete we chat account .
i cannot find the look around or people nearby option to search for people around me be that feature remove from we chat .
i hope i can change my id . please , one time id change .
can't send or upload my moment since 3days ago n today what happen with wechat now . i update but still have same problem .
i be unable to find new friend through shake and people nearby although i update this app . kindly assist .
it be normal before i upgrade my huawei p7 to android 5 . no pic can be see at all in momen or chat . fix it .
very useful for new work style . keep it up .
hi can't access people nearby i say no one be use this feature nearby you plus i cannot see some moment update of friend . what be happen .
video in timeline have no image while open it but have only sound play .
like it .
why many update .
what happen to shake system when i shake its show no result find . try again . please solve this problem .
i can not send any statement on the moment , while my friend also can send . i be download the wechat application for 3 time but i still can not send any statement . why .
i love the feature .
its work pritty good up till now .
love it .
try to sign up million time never get sms verification code .
mambo jumbo .
today i've log out my account . when i try to log in . i've wait for more than 10 minute and yet nothing happen . my internet connection be pretty speed . plz help me a . s . a . p .
i think u should put some cool feature cause i think that some apps be the same as yours . but i believe in u that u can change that thnk u .
how i want see who online wc in my fl .
i'm not sure it would be safe for people especially girl use the shake and drift the bottle without pervert hit on them and i do report them for porn but it take a lot of time .
why be it suddenly incompatible with my asus a502cg i use to have it in my phone .
i love this app .
this app have not last see and online feature . please add this feature other wise it's good app .
love it .
i be not able to send and upload picture thru wechat . i've try to uninstall it and install it back but there's no change . thank .
please have a delete button on wechat .
hi , i like very much as well good for time . i can chat with friend . so i like it . always i love wechat .
i want to use shake , but i cannot use it . why .
i very love it for my wechat tq .
lovely app .
hello just update the app but it now refuse to launch . just see start screen then back to android home . try to empty cache , force stop , restart phone , move to sd then back to phone storage . nothing work . i do not want to lose all my chat conv . this be happen on htc m7 . any fix or any chance to save the log without enter the app .
love it .
this thing do not open it just show the moon thing its useless .
after update it's not work properly i can't find my friend i don't find nearby people in shake please fix .
why suddenly its stop function .
need only font customize . for display the right font for specific languange .
find out .
walkie talkie always problem in group . plz gv option for it . to close the season by group leader , member or remove it in group chat . thank u very much . asap thank . i'm . wait for new update .
best gile beb .
it say that my number be invalid . dafuq 0 star .
very good .
mmg best .
why i open the wechat , it's will pop out be version not suitable .
he have not enter wechat . also re download . recourse .
i can't send message to new people nearby . chat be restrict .
very nice .
ah , i can't download . why erggh .
gud but not xtraordinary .
i m not able to use this app in my phone can you help .
help me .
when i press a set , nothing happen . it's look like the set be not function .
i like it .
sometimes i cant download a sight or a photo . i write cant download a full image then sometimes i cant watch it . its be white . please fix all the problem . i use samsung galaxy a7 why i cant see the photo at my moment when my friend upload a photo use iphone . fix it .
shake suggestion be frustating . it suggest people who be far from my place . i try it almost 30 time but the suggestion be shitit either we cant understand each other or their from far place .
its irritable .
why i can't video call in the group chat .
how to get walkie talkie function . please help me .
why when i delete friend from contact list , they still appear . when i block them , they also still appear in contact list , please advise , thank .
love it .
same as title .
i cant even sign up , it keep say my connection poor , whereby my wifi speed be 5bars and i try use my mobile data be the same . pls fix it .
very good .
after reinstall my wechat , all my group chat name all become group chat only and i cannot post anything . pls help me thank you .
hmm ok je .
when we chat there be no mah .
good word .
i love it .
i like wechat .
i be try to download the app but it doesn't , plz sort out the problem . i hv try troubleshoot but it doesn't solve the download issue . plz help .
i love the quality .
why this app not compatible with my device i'm use zenfone5 .
many user sad because bad message translation , it not let us fast chat its not translate in one attempt when background data restrict ,
keep say no location something like that .
translation hardly work anymore . add a person make no sense anymore . this new way be stupid and not necessary . hardly work without problem . think about delete my account .
this app be awesome connect loveones , can easily send pic and friendly user also .
replace everything .
it's the best communacation item ever .
just update it . and when i try to log in it say that i m out of verification quota . pliss i need to log in asap .
im not understand what get with my wechat . sometimes itsok sometimes its not . i mean , when it's not ok , my moment cannot be update . please fix it .
this app help me talk with my family .
i be use this because of joox music .
my wechat do not load my friend moment picture even though i have good internet . please fix it . or give me solution for this .
can't block any person .
its good .
i want to connect my bank card to wechat but there be no wallet button when i press me .
why wechat dispeared from my phone . urghh .
i have be instal this app many time . but , can't be instal in my phone . so sad to know that . i just wanna try this app . anybody know to fix my prob
nearby friend option be waste i think . m .
i like it .
good and very nice application .
the past 2 day i can open my wechat but after i update it i can't open my wechat at all plz fix this .
problem no result find on wechat shake .
use this to talk with my son in china often . i have never have any problem .
again . block . nobody can view me or chat with me . can u fix please .
it be the worst application ever . people can log in wit ur phone number even without u havg the acct . ridiculos .
why my set not same at all with another guy already update but still same . fix it .
safety , secure , lovely and perfect one ever . its da best of the best . good work be god with you .
i register with my mobile and all be ok until i try to sign in on my tablet . my account be now lock and i be unable to recover it because when i attempt to recover it , it say that my mobile number be invalid . no way to contact the support team . a compete disgrace . completely useless security centre . do yourselves a favour and install a proper chat client like whatsapp .
really good application .
i just start use today . all good . only problem i be see be that there be no option to see whether a person be online or not . be there any option to see user online status which i cant find or there be no option like that in wechat .
today suddenly i be face some problem like not able to send message to some of my contect as some block but they dont block me personally thats due to some company defect plz tell me how can now i reconnect with them .
cant undrstand what be happen . this app run excelent in wifi . bt show error 1 , 1 under mobile data connection what be the prob . can i get any help from wechat team .
i really need help on this one , i can't view other people's image on my moment but strangely i can load their sight quite easily , every time i want to look at an image i have to favourite it which be really annoy and i can't upload any of my image as well , i take your advice on migrate my chat log to another phone and reinstall it over again , i have do so for over 3 time and it's still happen . what should i do .
this app be useless when i open this app its always show we chat isn't respond . sort out plz .
i lose my account and forget my password . i try use account recovery but i cant receive verification code because the page always say invalid phone number . please enter a new one . please help me . i already use other way bite still cant log in . hope u can help me .
always stick at moon everytime i try to open the apps . galaxy ace duo . please help to fix it as soon as possible .
i didn't find nearby search option there be only one option to search new friend that be shake feature .
cant be open . im wait for so long . please solve this issue . tq .
too slow and not fraindly .
it should allow for tilt the phone and have landscape view , tire of tap the tiny keyboard button available on portrait view .
i love it very much .
hi every body down load we chat so easy to chat with ur frie .
i love it so much , but i wish there be a way to post a status or moment without a picture .
my wechat account keep on change from english to chinese . please fix it .
just download champcash n complete a challenge to get money in dollers . for champcash id type 466164 .
how do i get back my chat history .
shake feature not at all work after lolypop android update . please respond . too many bug .
video in timeline have no image ehilr open it but have only sound play .
i love it .
unable to load your location data . go back and try again . i try , i'm tire of try now .
how to de activate my account permanently . please help thank .
i love the video call feature provide in this app . its call quality be quite good . but it'll be more fun if you can provide this feature for group chat .
can't find friend in nearby , can u suggest what be the problem i evn turn on gps .
and wechat should consider material design .
i have be use it for one year on my samsung galaxy lite , and work perfectly until the last update , now it will start and shut down immidiatelly ss soon ss the initial splash come up , and look like others be have the same issue any idea .
after download when open the aap its not work only showint front window not able to acces my account . pls help .
look forward to the live chat feature , haven't use it yet .
i like it .
i can't download it . but why . plz fix it .
i hv lose of msg in my previous android phone n i want to restore those msg in my new phone . plz suggest me how cn i do tht .
too much of advertisement . huge load time . to make it even worse , there be no option to delete account either . this be a breach of privacy and force user to keep use their app . disgust .
life be great love yourself first always .
hope can create more than now .
very cool .
tall with average height .
i can install it in my ipad but i can't open it . last year , i can play it when it an old version . why hah can u solve my problem . btw , i use ipad from intel .
problem with network error after i have update to the latest version can also not see the nearby people or upload anything . this be now for a week have this issue .
this app be awesome .
i'm just update my wechat and when i sign in , i can't see my friend's profile photo , all of them . and when i change my profile photo , it also no respons . what should i do please .
i can't use wechat out call .
update to 6 . 3 keyboard not work for chinese .
it happen today where i couldn't post picture but i could update any status . my friend's sight and pic wont load anymore .
love it .
i don't know why . go i'm open my wechat , thousand time ask to put sd card . problem can't open my moment .
its great .
most abbuse app in my life it will cheat u .
please fix up .
have make cross country communication easy .
what happen to the cloud migration .
why can't i download stitch's sticker . i want to download . pls solve this problem .
when i want to update my moment , i cannot use some emoji from go keyboard . why please help me and upgrade wechat okay . i need it . thankyou i be use samsung galaxy core .
hi . i like this new update d thank .
almost 3days . why .
people nearby be miss . please fix it back .
i instal wechat successfully but get a problem to start it just i change my mobile but my google id be same .
i dont get any notification if i not open wechat .
the best .
my account be steal and i have not get it back because of the strangest identification process i've see in the existence of the internet . it completely favor the hacker by ask you to verify identity by select friend . you didn't account for the hacker change the email and friend list please take a security 101 course and redevelop this app .
i love it .
i complete the offer , no free 36 call credit . you lie . be scam . date d tail de l'offre credit statut 28 november 2015 wechat install open the app for android to earn credit 36 en attente votre id utilisateur est and . 145138226521640 and . dttalk et votre cl application est 32f775 .
not bad .
like it .
very nice .
thnks the world .
use to use mock location to chat with friend around the world . why now only restrict to nearby .
make it fun , improve your ui like iphone for android user . change wechat colour by season . deliver , read , see tick like whatapps if you can . if not tick , change it into others like red , yellow or green dot . people will like it online status , we can't know either our friend be online or not like facebook or whatapps . thank agconspimizi3 .
i like it .
why wechat cannot let change id for second time because we still have a chance to change a good id so please fix it .
this app won't upload my profile picture be sad and annoy . please app creator update this app to be better because i really do enjoy use it . pls do something about it . thank .
pls fix with date moment . when people update their moment it show me 1 hour ago . but should be 1minute ago or 1second ago . fix this bug as soon .
so fcking damn this new update . cannot see picture or sight . picture always show half only and sight just see blank screen . fcking server .
good but the voice video call quality be lower .
now my country 10 digit or 11 digit mobile number able to verfied . thank for a fast response .
great app , i really love it , but sometime my voice chat be not work properly , automatically get cut off , please fix the problem .
my friend have yell o daily sticker but i dont have why be this so i want that sticker very badly can u please help me thank you and my friend also cannot download the stitch sticker .
why can't use qe chat our call .
why walkie talkie function be remove . please make it backk . my friend and i love use walkie talkie function .
its app so use full u have gyss dwnlod this .
very good .
why always have problem in receive chat . need to open this apps then all the chat come in once . suck apps , before and after update have no change about that . its just get worse . now , i've send chat to friend since this even and still pending till now . i have good internet connection . i will rate negatif 5 if this don't change on the next update .
we chat for good communication .
how the i'd be make i think its too hard to make it plz help .
wechat app slow down my phone system . please fix this .
i can't view nearby people .
i already instal the latest version , but i can't read what's in my favorite . it say that i've to install the latest version . what should i do please help me . please .
i really hate it .
i cant send voice message nor can hear voice message send to me . what happen .
after i download it , it didn't show me the log in and sign up button . it only show the background .
work great .
the new version be good but i want to play pencil pilot back .
stupid app .
to love it jiji .
after i update the wechat yesterday , i realise that sight cannot play in moment . what the heck be go on please solve this .
add last see and notify immediately . fix the bug for send high data video then everyone will love it .
great expedition .
i hate it after i update , it have some problem it be cant receive message , cant send message and cant update moment please fix it .
awesome app thank .
love it while shake .
why people nearby not like before . so tire if always have approve like this . please solve my problem . im really miss it like before , easy than this . help me please .
i love it .
the highest it could get from .
the people use be also worst .
sometime ok . but sometime not .
voice n video call not work .
why i can't use this apps anymore they say your device be not compatible with this apps . before this i enjoy use this apps with the same device . please help me . i use asus zenphone 4 . 5 t00q .
what happen with wechat today i totally cannot send or receive new message and also cannot load the moment btw my wifi or data be still work the line be no problem please fix it .
keep up the good work ed .
hi , for some sort of reason i be not visible to people nearby . my gps location be on , i can see people but they can't see me . pls assist . i have try all those change name , use different network and clear my location then go back again include unistalling and re instal .
i have a account before n because of sesision log out n i forget the password , n today again my new account open almost one year it log out by itself again the password u guy send me be not usable what do that mean , u know people have thing in it tell me whats wrong with ur app n what be too many operation .
like it .
i like it .
we chat work osam .
help me fix this problem . when use the wechat sight the video become darkgreen colour .
i don't like this app at all i be not a fan of chinese people .
i cant to download thats app .
good to try .
wtf steal brightness control .
can you please help me to backup my chat history i wont get any option yo back up the chat history . please help .
i unable to add or find my friend even i search them with their wechat id . it show this person doesn't exist . even their id be still valid .
i try 100 time uninstalling this app from my htc desire 820s . it didnt work . help me how to uninstall . it only get diabled but didnt uninstalled .
i can't open this app . i have try many time , it doesn't open it . i just can't . but , why that be the question .
actually , i give no star . kbye .
how come after update can't receive message . need to click in only will get the message . please fix it .
love it .
its great .
i cant see the sight please fix it .
like it .
location still not work .
the best .
this thing have a problem . i cant even log in . i have be wait for like 1 hour . not cool .
why alwaly people send message time at 1 . 00pm sometime until 2pm like that information receive .
this app take me easy for chat with my friend . but pls fix for audio quality voice call .
love it so much its the best and my friend be able to text me better now thx so much .
me and my gf use to use this 24 7 now we can't .
you cany delete the account once make if you dony like it .
first time thank for the gud cummunication between my family friend .
la jam .
this be a good app that i ever have . i give you 4 star because i cant add my friend so fast that i can . so hope that you can fix it and ill give you 5 star .
crash a lot . get 2gb of ram and it's the only app run but crash after a few second . the update break the app . other apps be pretty fine with the ram but this fix it do all clear , cache and data but it still crash .
i think you should learn geography and history too my country tunisia be not list how come you put israel which be not even a real country and forget a 120 year old civilization wtf .
love it .
i have use wechat it be overall great but one big problem be this that it doesn't show that the message be deliver to the person and that person have read it or . not plz . fix it then i will give 5 star .
i love wechat . very clear video call . i don't see any application like wechat .
i be not able to get gmail account verify to my we chat id . pls fix the issue asap . i have also try to send you a mail but that too din't work . hope for a ve feedback .
its ok .
i be not find people nearby option in wechat . only show shake nd friend rader .
love this app .
wen m chat with some one im get an error as friend req not accept .
very useful for new user's .
that use to select friend in a group doesn't work . also the article can't be send to other group . they work before but break in the latest android marshmallow .
thank you wechat . i can use the wechat out .
we can chat wdh any 1 r contact only .
can u please add google redim code in app when we use monthly earn point in we reward . 0lz plz do this we all be wait ur response .
i have try wechat for video call on android on three occasion now . each time my image and the image my caller see be at 90 degree . i have try numerous screen lock apps the android screen locker , but still same issue . i also have iphone and no problem with wechat on it , sort this out as from what i can see , i be not the only one .
i like this app .
very good .
i love because i can chat to my friend .
won't allow you to use last pass and auto fill or paste a password , so i just didn't sign up . if they ever fix it i may try it again .
this app be easy to contact someone althought its far .
i forget my pasword and want to log in my old account . bt we chat be not support what to do .
i cannot open it . it stop at the moon .
the best app ever 3 i really love wechat .
i have forget my wechat password . i have try all possible way to get it back . but unfortunately i be unable to log in . i want to use my account back . please help me out .
i cannot receive the verification code . what seem to be the problem please help .
why no commimg verification .
cool . app love it .
love this message app . it's way more secure than any other message apps .
please fix this issue .
dont log in . logical error show . please fix it .
i really like this app before but now it kind of annoy . seriously annoy . i already uninstall it once but then i instal it back because i think its already better . now , it seem make my phone slow . when i wanna open it , it take such a long time to respond or pop out a message wechat isn't respond . please fix this problem or you give me a method to resolve this problem and i'll give you more star .
problem in connect with network server . login problem . i be use other apps with my high speed wifi but just wechat be probleming .
very good .
i like .
i need the old version of wechat .
wechat . the only prob i have be the video call . it have a tendency where i couldn't hear the other end if the call go long so i have to hang up and call again .
recently i have be see people sense wechat's red packet around and they have the red packet icon in their app but i didn't get mine even though i just update it .
love it so much .
after i open wechat it keep load . it load until 84 and hang . please help me . my username be ibrahim star . and i have use the correct password and user nama . help need asap .
i have so many my friend contact . but in one day in morning , its suddenly need my password and i forget . what do i need to do please fix .
plz fix the stupid verification on earth and if you do a mistake you wilwil wait for 24 hourse how the f can i know what picture and nickname of my friend since almost one year i delete it .
but why no back up of conversation . also the online and last see plus at what time a person have read a message . wechat be a useless app .
after i migrate the chat history . the sticker i download before didnt show up . when i try download it show i already download . for some groupchat the name of a member in the group doesnt show up . but when the person chat in the group i can see . whats the problem .
i can't download this app why i hate it .
very slow to receive message even if my connection be very good .
i like use wechat but i can't seem to see other people's moment . plz fix it quickly .
horrible , i just forget my password it ask me to identify friend . i still wonder why one of my friend use it . why do it tell me to verify friend .
like it .
i do not have the feature show such as the lucky money . sometimes the notification have no notification .
very good .
can u make a kick or remove option for kick group member . they keep spamming some virus or sticker script that make the chat room become super lag .
good app i can talk to my friend any time .
app use to be great but since past few update the app crash and sometimes even the keyboard lag . doesn't matter if it's on wifi or 4g . this be one of the better chat program and often overlook by whatapp , please fix tencent .
can't back up chat in this new version . please fix it .
mast hai .
its very useful .
there be time when i can't receive any message or call from a particular friend and i don't know why . would have rate it 5 star if this wasn't happen . anyway , it's a great app .
can't sign up . show verification error 5 , 1 .
the best ever for user in my country tanzania .
i can't scroll up to check previous messgaes . it keep back to the last message after the recent update . please fix that .
all the important image in the chat cannot be open at all . i've send message to the main website of wechat but recieved no reply . pls resolve this issue .
i cannot update my wechat to have video call pls reply me .
i cant view when people sight . i wont work .
but i can't find wakie tokie option that i get in my window phn . why .
i love wechat .
use qr scanner to purchase some baverag from a machine always lead to a misplace web page , plz fix it . and the camera get laggy when scan . and android 6 . 0 support fingerprint natively , plz add the fingerprint payment method while use wechat wallet .
i never log in my wechat acc on other device so i just let my wechat acc log in on my phone . but sometimes , it ask me to log in back . so i suspect that there's someone hack my wechat account . please upgrade your privacy stuff . like upgrade the privacy by add some security question before log in to other device so it's hard for the hacker to hack my wechat acc . i see it's eqsier for ppl to hack someone's wechat acc and this make me think that wechat have a low standard . thank .
i hope soon it will be like that . i do enjoy wechat it have only few problem like this .
not bad .
this be an awesome app .
reinstall wechat apps but can't retrieve the password . try numerous time , key in valid email address but show not valid email how to solve the problem .
please fix this . i can't either view my own sight or others . i can't be play . please fix this asap . and upgrade the sight which be can use a front camera . thank . need your response asap .
we chat .
i like it .
why my phone zenfone4 can't download this app .
i accidently put my no phone on my friend's account but i have change it back and now i cant open my account . they say that my password be incorrect or my wechat id . i want my account back . it's important for me . please help me .
nice apps .
i can't receive any message before that so i reinstall it and after that i can't open it at all .
y i can't able to download wechat when almost download lastly show can't download bcoz some troubleshoot problem please help me to download .
nice one .
i cannot make a video call or voice call it keep on tell me that we be not wechay friend even if we be already . we already try do it before but now i cant . i try add him but it show we be already friend . pls fix this .
love it but sometime i can send my picture .
how can i delete all the item in favourite box at the same time .
have to clear and set location about 5 6 time before it read .
just let us use google drive to backup our chat log .
please add new emoji pls . i'd feel some improvement that whatsapp emoji can use in wechat lol . but new emoji will be awesome . tq .
i have use wechat it be overall great but one big problem be this that it doesn't show that the message be deliver to the person and there person have read it or . not plz . fix it then i will give 5 star .
i can chat my friend with this app and i can open my joox with this .
why haven't any option to sine in with facebook , or gmail etc . everyone want to make easy . if we can sine in with facebook or gmail that's will be more easy to tha user . so hope i can see this in the next version .
do u have any wechat out .
i don wanna to use it but i hav no choice bcoz my client prefer with it . this app cause my device slow n hang no where . keep on upgrade which waste my storage space .
can't change phone number and don't no how to send email for ask . plse fix that's . thks .
m from pakistan . some month ago when i use shake function on 3g internet i ever find own country's people . from last some month its just show out country people . it work like as like 2g internet . i have check own 3g's speed be perfect but still shake function be show foreigner . please fix it or tell me whats the wrong . if you give me any solution i'll give it 5 star .
useful app for social active people find lot of good friend here .
i get a problem now . i could not send any message and when i shake it just load . and i don't receive any message .
why be it whenever i use the shake the result be from a different country most of them be from middle east and malaysia this be like an ongoing issue for atleast 4 month and its not like this before im from the manila philippine result should be from local pip right .
same problem with slyvia chan . after update cant use wechat amymore . it will shutdown automatically and totally can't use the app .
lovely app .
y my wechat do not get walkie talkie i already update to the lastest one pls reply me as fast as possible . thank .
after my phone update sofeware , how come my wechat become very hang .
i can't even chat with my friend properly .
i love it .
not able to download the receive photo , and not able to upload or send out photo . please assist . thank .
i be not able to login into my new device it be show error even when i try to log in through sms .
i have write my phone number , and it send the code . still i can't log in . that always back to the wechat home there be log in and sign up .
it's fun .
the best app .
the app wechat processcom . tencent . mm have violate its self enforce strictmode policy . help please .
why fake gps can not be use for wechat my gps have be falsify . but if i do the same location and nearby people around me only . whereas before when i use my location fake can find new friend outside of my area of the country or another . i need gps wechat forge to run my business . please explain and how to solve this problem .
reinstall wechat apps but can't retrieve the password . try numerous time , key in valid email address but show not valid email how to solve the problem .
i think it be a great way to have fun and chat with friend but to also keep in touch with family .
let us disable pop up notification , they be really annoy , but i don't want to disable notification . add a read , so we know when a friend have see our message . if in group chat , let us know who have see our message and who hasn't . your image chooser be bad , let us use our own gallery app .
not bad .
i cant even download this app .
why my wechat do not have the wechat pay function .
when i finish install . this app can't instal . i hope you can fix this problem .
i always use wechat for many occasion . i think it be way better than facebook keep it up wechat .
i cant load and see any photo or sight in my moment from all my friendlist pls fix this .
very good .
it's very good .
love this ap .
why my wechat cannot download please help me as fast as impossible . cannot . please help me .
i be in need of those pop out msg on lockscreen . kindly make this possible . thank .
please consider give the flexibility to change id from once to more . tq .
i have problem log in . please help me to fix this .
use to use mock location to chat with friend around the world . why now only restrict to nearby .
when i update to this 6 . 3 . 7 version everytime im use voice call there's a alert sound for unstable call connection . and i can't turn off that sound even if im turn my phone to silent mode . please fix it and add some set to turn off that sound fix it asap . fix it the all issue this new version be really worst .
whatshap not we chat but wechat can do moment .
you can chat with your friend .
i have a problem to open this new version of wechat after be update . how to solve it .
after system upgrade , i can't view the post in my moment , picture cannot be load . please fix that .
very good .
this be so stupid and dumb and i will nrver uploud this again .
1 . block member still can post comment sticker in the group . 2 . need to have multiple admin or group manager .
it's the best .
i'm only 9 year old so plz make it so i can talk with kid my age . thank you . plz do it when you can .
but , automatic download the pic waste my storage space .
very awesome apps .
this app be great . i text my uncle in china and we connect just as quickly as when we text in the same city as each other , use our standard phone texting service . i love the fall sticker when we text xoxo or miss u , and i imagine i will discover more , but i'd love fall sticker for many more word phrase . how about i love you and lol .
why we always need verification to use it . i really hate it may be il nvr use it again .
try multiple solution but this feature isn't work on galaxy note 4 unable to load location data .
nice and easy to connect .
i couldn't find walkie icon in my feature box . anyone can fix it .
i be not able to get shake information . always no result be find .
when i update to this 6 . 3 . 7 version everytime im use voice call there's a alert sound for unstable call connection . and i can't turn off that sound even if im turn my phone to silent mode . please fix it and add some set to turn off that sound fix it asap .
you need to put the exactly time when the msg be send and when i receive , it's will be great . it's use much memory while close .
i be instal this app but it get stick and i can able to sign in . i've wait for an hour but it still stick . please fix this issue .
can't connect to the server use my phone data .
its not downloding .
i cant download wechat . what happen .
when i want to videocall why i can't hear my friend voice if i use voice call its ok . why i use the video call i can't hear . please fix it . grr .
can't install wechat app after update the phone . it tell that the device isnt compatible with this version . what's the solution .
no problem at all .
very nice .
there be some require urgently .
why i can't like and comment moment by my new friendlist .
love it .
ma device be xperia m . i'm not able to change the profile pic . i opt for help n it tell me to go for me then tap on ua pic n again tap n two option will appear choose from album click a pic but these two option r not cmng its not even respond . one more bug . cant i delete all ma chat at a tym as in whatsapp juzz plz solve this asap its alot bug . n this app isnt new for me as i use to use before but now dont knw whatz wrong . plz solve asap .
i've face a problem of receive the message late . for example , when someone send me a message at 10am and sometimes i'll only receive at 12pm . i've on my internet connection all the time though . please fix this problem . thank .
tag member in group chat and migration of data be some of the great feature . it would be great if you add widget .
chat with friend .
can't download app . i really hate this .
can't see any sight on moment ,
i install this wechat an its really good app . but after update , i cannot open my wechat account anymore . please , help me and fix it .
new update be much slower and it cannot jump to the conversation when i press it in the notification bar .
every time my phone need to restart den can see moment photo , my wifi and mobile data no problem one , my friend wechat same problem with me . what's happen wechat server and upload photo also get problem .
i can't view photo or sight from my friend moment .
someone save my son's picture and make his her dp . can u plz tell me how i stop him or can u do it .
hate this new wechat i dont have another phone to migrate all chat history . can u fix this .
i love it .
i uninstalled wechat because my message cannot be send and i try to download it again . but i cannot download it what happen can anyone help me .
so sexy . its not good .
good app .
but why no back up of conversation . also the online and last see plus at what time a person have read a message . wechat be a useless app .
why i cant send msg while chat with some one try later to many attempt always show .
please tell me how to remove some friend , and clear only conversation with some friend .
wtf jst happen . with a new . update .
this be d real thing . kip up wit d gud work .
i couldn't download this apps in my phone . i also don't know the reason why . its just show me your device isn't compatible with this version . the solution that i take to open back my account be by use another phone . pls fix it as soon as possible . thnks .
my emoticon different after i post on moment or chat why please fix it .
it change to please enter your password page . i reinstall it still show this when i launch it .
what happen with thats . i be change many kind of card phone . please explain .
this update be very to my phone samsung a5 , frequently hang .
theis very nice .
hi wechat , i be use note 5 now . and already upgrade the latest lollipop version 5 . 1 . 1 but the problem be when i use sight video why the camera screen keep green colour like green light izzit software crash i try my original camera video record , doesnt have this problem also . please help and fix it . thank .
how to see who be online friend .
unable to load location data in people nearby after the recent update . pls help .
it's really amaze .
definitely a top of the range chat application . with rich functionality build in . ui be easy to use and simple . except the wifi migration be give me error .
the user should be able to know if the message he send be deliver or read by the receiver . and there should be an option for the user to delete his account .
hopefully we will be able to post video , not sight , on moment on the next update .
woow amaze apps .
i change my profile picture . then , it say change . after hour , my profile picture back to the previous profile picture . what be go on help me .
i like it this app .
i can't share my location when i'm make sight .
everytime display the invalid number message .
it be good .
it bind two individual into two different time .
emoji cannot be see and get a few . problem .
its not good . there be not much thing . like we cant change we i . d . even if we want to delete my account then we cant delete the account . its the worst part .
mine doesn't have lucky money feature .
cant lunch the apps .
only have restore button , dont have backup button , what a big fail .
if i could give less that one star , i would . google play indicate wechat have be download but wechat icon do not appear anywhere on my mobile phone . therefore , i can't use it what a bust .
i m unable to download it .
why i can't open this new version after be update .
how to backup and restore message .
after instal the latest update , i can't open pic . it's really frustating me so please help .
nice to pick my everything .
i can get many friend use this app .
i can't use it anymore . it wont let me use it . i can't send moment or chat anymore . please fix it .
usually wechat can send voice message up to 60second but my wechat only can send voice message only 30second . hope you fix it .
this be the best way of talk to friend , send picture and video .
always there when need to communicate and socially so useful and cheap .
please fix the weird sound , its annyed when i be voice call with my friend and hear it always .
hey clown i cant log in because it ask for friend verification by picture but its impossible my friend be either in chinese or they have image that be not their face i already have the verification phonr call how be that not enough idiot contact me now .
why hasn't this change yet auto save pic to my gallery also . new emoji be not compatible with wechat from iphone to android .
very high data and battery usage there be better apps out there that do the same and be less demand on limit data and battery of modern phone rectify for a 5 rat .
the best app for people look for excitement and new set of friend . i give 5 star to this and look forward for the new update .
horrible , i just forget my password it ask me to identify friend . i still wonder why one of my friend use it .
when i clik on wechat , it just take me back to the home screen , so i hope wechat company can fix this .
i love it .
we chat .
why i can't search people nearby . please fix as soon as possible .
awesome to communicate with other user .
love it .
i think its time to make another wechat app with low memory usage and storage mybe it will help a low storage device user run this app properly . thank you d .
chat room optn be the best optn on we chat n now m miss that . can u plz tell me the rsn y u remove that opn .
always crash at the moon .
i can't connect it use wi fi .
awesome app .
sometimes my wechat get hang . wats wrong vit it . m hapi to use it bt can u say .
i can't log in l , no sms receive . nothing to do with the phone . update the problem be my phone operator sorry about that .
love it .
through this day .
now what to do . please solve this problem .
this app be not able to uninstall plz help me .
it be a uncool app .
we chat be also know as a semi book or semi grndr .
awesome idea make it . thank to make it but . why so many mb .
how can i post sight when it be in the chat room .
i hate it when each time i open this app , the picture of moon appear and it take like 5 minute . i hate wait , i would appreciate if you can fix it . thank you .
can't backup chat history to the phone . not user friendly if need to connect to save .
it's not work .
i hate this app .
love it .
samsung galaxy s5 become increasingly unstable after update 6 . 3 . 7 . 59 on november 19 , 2015 . please add a way to roll back to official version 6 . 3 . 7 . 50 .
i have download this app but i be not able to log in . please fix this issue . also i have not receive any verification code . please help .
why can't i download this app the play store doesn't let me download it . it say that there's a troubleshooter and stuff .
i didnt receive any sms abt the code .
its good .
i can't log in it . try again . not work .
these few day , ive be uninstall and install the wechat so many time . but i still cant see my friend update their new moment . i also get a problem when i go to chat with someone .
i just try to download .
work perfectly .
horrible one unable to start wechat after upgrade plz dnt degrade d quality upgrade be to enhance d feature nt to degrade .
can wechat not send us the promotion advertisement so often .
we chat be d easiest way .
suck for wechat .
we chat .
i like . because i can contact with friend .
i want to delete my profile and picture and it won't give me the option .
i dont even know what 2 say it be the best .
otherwise be good .
i love it .
i prefer the older version i can't make video call and voice call right away . it say this friend have be not in touch etc even we be chat at the time . and there's no recall button . i cnt recall some message .
i wish i could share youtube video on wechat moment .
where be people nearby , drift bottle wat hell yr sirf shake ka option aa raha tha hlp me out .
smooth and reliable . great app .
help i use wechat for a week smoothly but today it cant connect with network , it show network server failure , although i be use other apps and access other sit .
i cannot instal my wechat . i hope you can fix this problem .
wow its very good .
i'm just update my wechat recently but a lot of my contact be miss . please fix it fast . help .
after shake the people come out be far away not the nearby i already tell ur team but u dont give a damn its be half year wow this kind of service suck .
seriously when can we get material design .
hey i want to delete or at least log out my account from other device . my phone have be steal and the fuxking idiot upload porn picture use my account . why icant delete my account . please help me im really uncomfortable with this .
when u try to open the app it be stick on the moon picture .
i couldn't load moment . although i reload for many time . it show older moment . not recent one . why .
very good application .
i always reinstall but it still lag in the login . please fix .
everything be good . but i want to delete some comment on my wechat moment . i need that feature , so i hope you can make it . thank you .
this be very gud .
who's noob don't use lol .
can't the moment at all even can't view my profile . pls fix it , thank .
i cannot see picture and sight at moment . and cannot send picture in chat . please fix it . thank you .
error show while download 492 , 921 error be come please fix the error first and later i be download the application .
not be able to get result while use shake option . please help me .
not bad .
i can't use wechat . it say connection time out . why can you please fix it .
i can't make video call or even voice call to uae . why o why please help .
i be not able to upload send photo to someone thru wechat for a while . please fix this issue . many thank .
my account have problem can't receive new message and moment be not update .
wechat be very slow app . nd msg . not send to my friend .
why wechat sceem like problem alot now . the voice and the location be not really ativeted well . please fix it .
fab app . a good competition to what's app . but consume a lot of memory . it consume over 400mb on my sd card .
i will give 5star if you fix it , i cant sign up with my number because it have link with another account , and it cant unlink it pls fix it and i give 5 star pls .
i have delete all the data in the file . but it still not work .
i love it .
plzz add more number of letter for status plzz add emojis from whatsapp nd lastseen option too other wise itzz the best app .
i be from philippine . and one number from our service provider globe be not work on your system . number start with 63 975 be not work . i hope you could fix this . thank .
can't backup to cloud or file system in 6 . 3 . 7 very disappoint because it mean to be simple feature to build extract from db into flat text file , gzip , and store locally as zip archive .
unable to locate location .
so i notice that in china the app have a feature , i think it's call note in a bottle where you can send and receive record and other thing from stranger , i be very upset i don't have that feature . also i be tell you could send money through wechat but i don't have that feature either .
hello dear we chat team when ever i click on people near by it show unable to load your location data . go back and try again m use this on wifi please fix this soon as possible . thnx amy .
love it .
cannot open it . even i have to install it for several time . it just show the earth pict .
great up .
cant login to my first acc . i just remember the wechat id . please help .
be there any black theme please add black theme and its difficult than window phone version .
wechat be block by f regime of islamic republic .
how to downgrade previous version greet be not best to use before .
amaze app .
its like fun with the girl that be on there .
how can i block my wechat account please ansr me plz ,
a few day when i try to log in my account it show can't access for network failure . plz try again though i hv full access of network . what can i do now .
luv it .
the sound be there , but i can't see the sight . i'm use asus zenfone2 .
i love it .
i don't receive any verification code . i be use micromax canvas doodle 3 android 4 . 4 . 4 , m try call verification i be write right code but app say invalid code . it's too bad .
please . i cant open the picture . when someone post picture . it just show me grey blank box . its never happen before . even my internet slow , it still show the picture . after update , neither i use quota or wifi its still not show the image . fix it .
how can i contact my facebook with it .
cannot load image . please fix this asap .
cant see new contact . help me . i cant add people .
i be really angry because i can't dowland this app . the problem be when i want to install , my storage device phone be full . i try to delete apps and content but it be not work .
when i capture sight , the sight become upsite down after i capture it . bug .
it say this phone number be invalid .
love use it but my walkie talkie miss and i could not find it in ganeral future . pls help me asap .
only download for game .
huhh . everytime i log in , i get the same problem . it say that wechat be not respond . then how be i go to use it then .
always get error when chat . other chat program its run only wechat who not run .
very good .
great app .
wechat be really good . it also can help me .
i just hope that wechat can manage to give us upload our video instead of sight . the rest be okay i guess . but can you please just give it a little update of what i want . if you can i'll gibe you 5 star for it .
i change my profile picture then after a few minute it will automatically change back to the older one . please fix it .
i hv be use it for few year and never have problem but today its not work . its say unfortunately wechat have stop .
great app .
i love it .
i will love it even i cant download it . so frustrate .
location data be not work .
after update i can't see the new member that my fren add .
there be no option to make a phone call when i click .
i can't see any photo and sight that my friend share and i can't upload photo either .
always service access failure for last one day although i can browse in any other side but not wechat . what be this i be i wifi and its ok connection . so how i can i log into wechat now plz help me asap . it's more than 2 day now but still no help from wechat team . ridicule .
after update i can't see my friend moment please help me fix it for asus .
very good .
the voice message be unable to record and send . please fix it .
this app doesnot work on my samsung gts5 282 model why .
can you add private button to a status not only at picture it will make it more interest . i hope you will do it .
properly work .
we chat get unsuccessful to download .
love it so much . can make search bottel no stop .
my suggestion be fix the notification . still not get notification when a message arrive also the block not there .
you be possibly the worst app company out . please give me a clear explanation on how to delete my account permanently .
when i try to download , it almost 78 suddenly fail to download .
i want to radar and people near bye feature in wechat but this feature be not in it please update it .
not bad .
nice software .
nice app .
hey , plss improve and fix this bug , i change the profile picture , and i leave the app for 1 minute and its change back to my old profile picture .
i love u .
can't open this application . what's wrong .
my shake be not work .
i can't log in through my tab . every time i try , it stick . i can't log in . please fix this problem as soon as possible . my contact all inside here .
how my friend can send music and ringtone they dont want to tell me how to do it .
i love it but why the pic be not accord the time . i mean the pic suppose to be last month but its say tht this month and i hard to find the new pic . plz help . thank you .
how i can change my id i don't like my id right now .
renowned worldwide .
cannot open wechat on lolipop .
i prefer last version . i hate the message have be cut into half . last time the long message do not cut .
love it .
i love this app . it work perfectly . thank u sm .
help the walkie talkie and share location be keep automatically open . pls fix this issue . also , the voice message end sound be click after put on earth phone as well . pls fix it as soon as possible .
it's good .
i use wechat for a week smoothly but today it cant connect with network , it show network server failure , although i be use other apps and access other sit .
when someone send picture through wechat , there's no option for share those picture through the text message and picture will not rotate on wechat app . also i like to save picture on my device with rest of my photo album but with this app you cannot save to your photo album .
even opt to get the phone verification code . call me for one ring leave a one digit code on my voice mail that didn't work . delete app for the 3rd time as can't use it .
i even make several account with same number to log in . when i careated new account at first , i log in , but after few hour , it be log off by itself . after , the account be automatically protect mode then all account be ban . i try to solve it , but it say now that my number be not available to send a verification code . omg and also , i put the right password , why can't i log in also why my account keep ban i don't understand . so upset . please contact me asap .
easy to use .
i like it .
can you plz . make more like hike . or some other aap or like what's app i mean to say . i want to know . that someone read my msg or not . can you make a option like what's aap double tiks or blue tiks . or like some thing . at least i want to know . that they may receive my msg . if you make it possible . i'm sure wechat will rule . the other aaps . and plz . replay .
no once update all the conversation go , worst .
i can't find people nearby . but after reinstall location find .
i use it in but i cant sing up now .
very good .
i try over 7 time wouldnt send the code .
i have some problem , i can't log in my wechat .
can you delete my mom's account bcs i use her number before this but now i have a new number and a new acc . pls respons asap .
i can't log in l , no sms receive . nothing to do with the phone .
this help me a lot and this will help to u too .
i like .
block me out of my account by i log in on tablet what a joke this must be malware .
very well .
it say my number be wrong yet they send mea message .
i want old style greet notification from nearby .
alway show network error . others app can open as usual but wechat cant . keep show network error server not access and cant send or receive message . also the emotion problem . my save emotion all cant use and sometime it will stop the screen . i be force to open up my battery for reboot . please fix as fast as possible .
meet different people with lot of idea , friendship and share idea in business too .
this be a great app , but it would be brilliant if the use of gifs be possible . also , it doesn't always notify me when i'm send message . would be fun if sticker be update often .
i instal it . but it's hang up my phone every time when i open it .
it be the best .
cant log in . try hard but no luck . update also but still no luck . please help me put .
always service access failure for last one day although i can browse in any other side but not wechat . what be this i be i wifi and its ok connection . so how i can i log into wechat now plz help me asap .
the message time be not display . just the message with no time , it only show time if i message after interval please do fix this bug of show time for every message .
y i can't open my medium msg after 1 week . i can't review the above msg after a time . pls help .
there have problem in the shack option . why wechat team not fix it .
i like it but i delete it accidentally and re sign in all of my chat be go and i can't find them again . maybe they're send me message but i can't receive them .
did't show on list .
i have some problem , i can't log in my wechat .
why be the location not update correctly . be it possible to revert to a the previous version where it work .
nice the wechat .
when i open it . it show that server failure . 1 this kind . please check dis . it be so important to fix first . i want a solution .
i like it .
because i want download but cannot .
so good .
can't sign up after try 4 time .
how can i block someone to avoid disturb me keep chat with me but i still want that person to stay in my friend list .
when i shoot sight on wechat but it upside down pls fix thank .
love it so much .
i have a problem . if i try to instal wechat , it always fail . there's a lot of troubleshoot solution that i try , but it still can't .
because this apps don't work properly .
my location in wechat not accurate can you fix this thank you .
poor search feature . do not work sometimes .
i like this wechat because it so izzy to use and we can find all lot of frinde thnks google for this app .
miss backup feature and cant send picture to my frenz . shit .
wot the hell . every tym error when install .
chat section be not work .
i then try to sign up but it won't give me the sms verification code and i then go on forget password and request password retrieval and after i fill in all the thing it say no retrieval require i cannot get back my account . i only delete the app but i didn't delete my account . plz helpp anyone .
everytime i send message to anyone it fail even if net be good and i have to resend it again . also the option people nearby , bottle drift and especially shake doesn't give me any result it just keep on load n load . please give accord instruction .
it be easy to use and convinence in small text and picture . i like most be pass daily picture to over relative . some one have physical disability be most enjoyable . young generation use as learn toolkit as senior enjoy to show off i be catch up with the younger generation i love it the reason not get 5 star it have to improve ore . in . text retain or send to email as a record .
why do u always block my account .
after new update why the call option show cross mark .
everytime i make a voice call with headphone , the ring sound just get blast into my ear please make this quiet or at least lower the volume .
there's no option in set neither through email wechat team for deletion wechat account provide it we user have right asap .
its very good and useful .
mock location , use fake gps not work in new version , why .
i have create two wechat account with same phone number . now i cant access to the first account . help me . u r give solution link not work . plz do something plz .
each update give problem , cant connect to server even internet connection be good , cause my frens didnt receive or late receive my msg . n each update take more of my phone memory i uninstall emoticon , but still can see it but blank when send out .
when i first try video call it be automatically get transmit to voice call . plz make that u improve it .
love it .
can't find anyone on radar . even it doesn't show my neighbour .
download the app and it say to many operation when i sign up . why .
i can't make any backup message .
i not know that sms .
can u guy please make a new feature for my version galaxy tab 7 . 0 plus . i need those video call in the group chat .
love it .
nice apps .
ilove this app .
very nice .
no new moment show up everytime i refresh it . please fix this . i've use it for a long time and i have to uninstall and install it over and over again but new moment still won't appear please help fix this .
cannot download wan i have many gb .
hi there im use whatsapp .
can you send the code via email so i could get it set up on my sansung tablet thank .
i like it .
the app keep on crash . i can't even open it . i already clear the cache . i can't uninstall coz i have unsaved message .
wechat be the best app .
xperia z1 .
my frnds wechat show nearby search option , but mine one dosen't .
pls add back cloud backup pls . this thing rarely need .
ok , the new version have solve my problem temporarily why because it still close when i be use some app and i have to reopen again to receive msg .
not able to see last see .
i do download this app but i can't sign up because of the verification error . what that's mean please fix this problem . thank you .
i cannot see photo or sight . what be happen to wechat . pls fix it .
my account be log out and i can't remember my password . when i try to retrieve my password use the option that this apps give , it be not work . i try several time but still it doesn't help .
ive try the way you give but cant find the setting button now im feed up . so wechat please bring back the old system to backup and restore chat . now its really irritate and i don't know how to restore chat on new rom . about migration . also suck . last i try end up be ban for 24hours and its require 2 phone on same wifi . what if people dont have wifi connection but only mobile data . so please bring back the old system to backup and restore chat . its way easy and faster .
i can't log in it take too long , why i've try many time . but still the same .
love it .
make it .
i try several time but couldn't work . pls help me .
this be a good app .
it doesnt get further than the moon pic .
i instal wechat but nothng appear that i should log in . im use my galaxy young .
unable to see photo in the moment contact share . error unable to load full image and its all blank . this be for android phone .
very nice and enlighten , thank .
people nearby be not work nobody can see me on people nearby i update it but still get same problem . pls help . btw , im use asus zenfone 5 .
wechat consume a lot of memory compare to other service . as check from my phone , wechat consume 137mb of memory , compare to 63mb from telegram . pls fix this . love the emoticon in wechat , this be not storage issue , this be memory consumption .
how to backup chat history .
why i cant download wechat plzz .
i have iphone 6s i try download wechat but decryption say wechat have not in ios .
this be good quality .
like it .
the best .
why the feature of people nearby be terrible i cant accept them all in one time and now to accept the other person i have to reopen the greet and accept and repeat the same action . hate it .
i can't upload and download photo . i can't even open the photo and sight . what be go on please fix this i really love this app .
hi i'm use samsung galaxy note 5 and each time a msg come in the phone do not vibrate even though i hv turn this option on . please could you fix this issue . i didn't hv this problem on my galaxy s3 .
great app and easy to maneuver .
love it .
why my cover photo always look blur pls fix it . i want like fb cover photo . tq .
i cant see my moment pic and others too . what happen please help me .
nice but voice be not clear .
best apps .
the best .
nice app .
its a very gud app n its voice call be also gud .
after new update the call option show cross mark but why .
i be use asus zenfone 2 . my problem be . i feel lag at the time i be relog in to my account . mean when i be login to my wechat account . it be very lag and after login . if u have a msg from your wechat friend . msg ringtones will come out first . but the msg won't show . and some of the sight can't view it . mean when you click in the sight in full page . it come out sound only but the picture be black . i have check my internet line and data be work well . and i have reset my device . it still the same . wechat team pls help me solve the problem .
i cannot instal it . why .
keep send me creepy verification cod from random number . also i never even download this app . so yea very creepy .
the bonb .
but this app support only 3g not 2g why .
this app be very slow . i don't love it .
what happen to this app now y can't access to it .
if it can know who have see ur massage anot will more batter .
awsome amaze cool and finnaly fun . sorry i be only 8years old .
the chat room option be the only point in wechat . without it this app be absolutely useless . why won't you add chat room option .
its good .
its keep say error go i send the massage why plezz fix it . i uninstall . and instal back , but still same .
best app , but now i have a little problem here . i can't see any friend who share moment . please help .
can download the app .
use to use mock location to chat with friend around the world . why now only restrict to nearby .
why my sticker cant see and cant use before better .
i can't purchase any sticker . its always say system busy , please try again wtf . i love this app , and i should use this apps all day since my job . now its so annoy when i want to purchase any sticker but i can't . please help luhansticker krissticker .
i cant update wechat please fix .
i prefer to have walkie talkie on my wechat . its fun . can add that feature back pls .
after new update this app suck . sometimes it act weird . and also sometimes there be a sound come between talk . its really annoy . do something .
love it .
i can't open we chat on my phone .
didnt show up the new message on the top . and where be the back up chat history i need to uninstall my wechat but i need to back up my chat history backk pls help .
what the too much eat ram and whatsapp more less eat ram . it give many low phone lag because eat many fking ram . please fix asap .
can't log in . it say check your network even i've already connect with wifi .
to permanently delete the account you need to send an email to the support still be not work . it's horrible this app .
i cannot send video and it limit 9 photo every time . hope tencent can improve and maybe 5 star if improve .
now i already reinstall and my history all go . i can't find backup button . so i din do . how to restore any suggestion .
great experience use this platform .
this app be the best .
when i enter into wechat it show the planet earth with a boy infront and thats all nothing happen after that .
it's a lovely app .
i hope wechat also will have last see same as whatsapp and also the picture . em when its have be upload , it become blur . please fix it .
love it .
people near by be not work try everything . i have avast antivirus instal hope it's not cause of that . need a solution fast .
i wish i could see if the person i'm chat with be on line . it's frustrate when you're talk and all of a sudden the conversation stop and you don't know if there still there . i add a star because now i can see the person type .
i have a good internet connection but why this happen it's like all system down .
so far so good social medium ever enjoy .
u should show that someone be online or not .
moment video fail to show the image , just have the sound .
this be the best app which i can chat with animation picture . and we can create group .
in my favorite it write s an old verion even tho i just update it .
hmm do the newest wechat update bug i recently update wechat but current wechat have minor problem which won't receive message and not update moment for a certain time . i need to logout and login back to use it normally . it say the server connection fail , but i find my connection be work and no problem with other social network site have occur , only wechat have the problem . also it's just recently happen when wechat have the new update .
always connection error . but my network connection be strong . i try to log out and log in again but i cant log in because it say connection error . i dont have any problem to log in facebook and surf the internet . please fix it .
update or not update still the same . keep get those problem .
always cannot connect to server what's wrong other apps run very smooth except wechat pls help me .
hey team i be use this app but m not able find nearby people search option . i update it but still m get same problem . kindly give the proper solution .
why dont have line pls fit .
this new version of wechat cannot back up chat history to server , seriously i hate this . i want to format my phone . but can't make back up . the new back up feature be the most stupid function . image people just have 1 phone , how ask him to find other phone to make migration please improve .
what's the problem to wechat it's android's problem or the app's problem it's so annoy and i've no idea for it already . it's worst after wechat have update please solve the problem afap tq .
i can't send text to my wechat friend , it keep ask to retry . even i retry for 10x . all text cannot get through . and it show the network connection bad and i try to log out , after that i cannot log in back . but , the connection be strong and i can online and watch movie in youtube . please fix it , suck so much .
pliss fix wechat more btter than bfore . always server failure . what the problem . wechat be worsee . poor application everr .
this just totally get worst . its be two day my wechat keep on error cause of network i guess this be not cause by internet connection . please fix it thank .
after update wechat . im have a problem . cannot send chat .
can't log in . always network error . please fix it .
why always server failure even i already update new version .
can't sign in always show disconnect i can't send my message to my friend and all about this we chat can't use when out , pls help me while use the data .
keep show cannot connect to server .
y my wechat keep cant connet v my mobile internet i edy try n reinstall asappls solve it asap .
update already , my sony xperia android 5 . 1 . need send voice message just load only , what wrong it this , i uninstall two time already , wth always need uninstall , waste my time to backup and restore .
it keep show that i've get a server problem but the other social apps can be use accept just wechat . i need a feedback as wechat be so important to me . there's a lot of stuff i need to do . thankyou .
hi , i couldn't receive message and reply message . keep show srvice access failure pls try again later . bt other apss like whatsapp facebook can use .
why i cant refresh my moment my other social medium can still access like usual but not wechat . please resolve your server problem .
even when i'm use my own mobile data and wifi that be both in good condition . why would this happen and what be the solution .
even when i'm use my own mobile data and wifi that be both in good condition .
please solve this problem , everytimes system always get problem cant connect .
bad pic quality why instagram be better than wechat . need improvement .
why i can't connect to server please fix this immediately .
wechat be dead , please mourn three minute hope to quickly repair .
what happen to wechat . my message keep unsent on my redmi note . i have uninstalled few time . work well when first reinstall , and problem occur again after awhile .
i can surf the internet and play online game , but when use wechat , it say server ace failure . please fix it .
set wrong id name .
alway show network error . others app can open as usual but wechat cant . keep show network error server not access and cant send or receive message . pls fix as fast .
it suck after update . fixpls .
plx fix the red envelope thing , why need bank account to pass red envelope to others if we have money in there already .
i want in another country because most of all be in india , iraq and indonesia .
it will be more useful if add the function that where when we send message , it show whether the receiver have read .
my wechat can up moment and can't send chat . what should i do .
it's good 4 me 2 connect with ma bae and friend .
i cant see the sight when i open the sight .
i download this app its so slow can you fix it .
nice app .
cannot open message from public account , please fix it .
y my wechat keep cant connet v my mobile internet i edy try n reinstall pls solve it asap .
easy to use .
be there any way to change the wechat id i want to change my id name but want to use the same account . and i wish i can create photo album as well . thank .
what happen to the new update after instal can't open the app . pls advise .
after the update wechat keep crush . fix the damn trouble man .
please fix it asap . i'm currently use version 6 . 3 . 7 . i believe the previous version be better .
update already , my sony xperia android 5 . 1 . need send voice message just load only , what wrong it this , i uninstall two time already , wth always need uninstall , waste my time to backup and restore .
why i can't log in actually i already receive sms cod so to admin please solve my problem .
izzit normal that after clear wechat from recent app list then reopen wechat it will have server access failure .
any time i look up a name everyone who show up be korean or japanese there be know one from my regen or country even tho i have it set for unite state .
we chat it great and amaze in term of .
so good .
good smooth . clear video chat .
thank you .
hye , whenever i open any feature , even the moment , it'll say server error , please check your connection or try again later . please help me out with this . thank .
my chat history can't backup and can't restore . i dun hv the backup thing . now my history all go pls help me to restore back i need my history .
love it .
how to find the delete message .
always show me service access failure , please check your internet set or turn on mobile data . bloody hell i already connect to wi fi and surf browser with no problem . wechat always problem to user .
the moment won't load n can't send text pls fix this my network be strong tho . pls help .
i open other thing can open , only wechat can't .
i just uninstall and reinstall , temporarily for few minute still functionable , but afterwards its back to service failure . i can't receive message or even send message , pls take action , its cause me difficulty .
network access failure . plz help t .
i love it .
i cant find people by shake . it always say no result find try again later .
i'm have serious issue with this update . almost many time my message receive be delay or that i'm have issue with connect to the server .
love it .
ive try to log in but it keep tell me there an error with the network . and i have uninstall , clear cache several time but the problem still exist . please fix .
this be nice way to c my frnz and my family membars .
can't even deliver a text message . no idea what happen to the server . and there be no walkie talkie function for oneplus user . please fix it .
after the new update , i can't send any message or receive and it keep say network error . my data quota be still a lot , please fix this . all my important contact be in here .
i have a good internet connection but why this happen it's like all system down .
this be the best apps ever .
after update to newest version . it cannot send msg at all even just a normal msg . all those funtion be down . pls fix .
something wrong with my wechat its say have problem network but my network already find can play other apps accept wechat . pls fix this .
i have another account and same number keep go to that account and cant make a new one .
why it always fail to connect with internet but i have the internet data .
i love it .
server problem , cannot send message . uninstall and re install but cannot sign in . i use facebook connect to log in . now cannot find the url . oh my gosh .
cant see any new status after update .
cant log in to wechat after update . with reason server access failure . notice report appear but all in chinese language . so what be purpose to report and what be purpose to update if cant log in .
wechat video call .
make sure have a new .
hi , i couldn't receive message and reply message . keep show srvice access failure pls try again later . bt other apss like whatsapp facebook can use .
wechat can you help me . why can not download .
very nice to use .
i like .
five star .
uninstalled and reinstall it . no go . fix this asap .
it would be better if favorite could be filter by tag .
real time location be not work wl . i hate it .
i hate it .
i have internet connection , i can even stream and watch youtube with it , but server access failure this be not my fault , its yours , dev . really disappoint . fix it please . happen to me two time now , if this keep happen , i'd be happy to uninstall .
please fix this immediately . it's drive me crazy . i can open the app , i also can see the old moment and message . but i can't send message and moment . it say service access failure please check your network and try again i already have check the network and the network be okay . please fix this immediately .
great app . but when i hibernate wechat , suddenly my wechat be like no internet connection . while my internet connection okay . help me please .
very great .
i wanna update my picture but dunno d reason why ok be unclickable .
i cannot sign in or sign up it but when i open my wechat on other phone it be just fine . it show the moon and that's not what i want to see . i need a solution . please help .
it say that i'm log on a unofficial app , and that have be set to a protect status . how can i log in please help .
hi wechat can you help me why network error please reply .
very good app .
please help me . every time i open this app . i cant send the message to others .
i have give 4 star . but as support can't be bother to reply to a simple question really not impress . very rude to be ignore . be a satisfy user . now not so much . if get add feature such as message receive and your message have be read by the recipent i will definately re rate star . be you look at such feature to be add . a reply would be polite .
always show no internet conection . wtf . my whatsapp do greatly on internet .
i have the connection but it always say , network error . get frustrate .
hello . the app sometimes cannot refresh the new fee and i try to logout and it same happen .
good job .
keep unable to connect . the server .
why i cannot see my moment since last night i dont know whether it's my line problem or wechat .
when i update the latest version and my wechat not work .
server access low . my text chat can't send now . after diognasis network it also can't send . my data okay .
what to do .
it's really owsome .
i use the app for over a month but just yesterday when i make video call , the video be somewhat shrink . please can you have idea whats this problem , if this can be solve , i rate it 5 .
please reduce the size it be not support if i have not enough memory it require more than 70 mb .
forget facebook . wechat have it right . if tencent promote this outside asia they would smash facebook .
mast hai .
super laggy , how much i should spend my ram another apps which have same size like wechat be not so laggy should i compare here so disappoint i have reinstall this app for 3 or 4 time seem no change .
it's ok .
common wealth .
could not send message by use wi fi after update .
i cant use wechat . why .
i have create two wechat account with same phone number . now i cant access to the first account . help me .
it be a nice social app . but sometimes i can't post moment . i hope you can fix this .
pls help to solve it .
useful and easy to use .
sometimes it have be fruitful .
could pls have a easy way or a function to clean the old post that's a though job to clean them one by one .
my number be invalid i try so many time what should i do .
there be no option to back up chat anymore only the option to restore . please bring this function back .
all my sight capture become green .
great app .
please create a delete account function . it be so not private that we can't delete our account whenever we want and don't feel safe .
why i can't open my wechat , it take so long .
when i want to usegroup chat video call , it be keep tell me that my walkie talkie be on but it isn't and i cant start the call . pls fix this .
wechat consume a lot of memory compare to other service . as check from my phone , wechat consume 137mb of memory , compare to 63mb from telegram . pls fix this . love the emoticon in wechat .
after upgrade new version , why i lose walkie talkie function what happen pls advice . tq .
its very good .
give us native android app with material design .
hello , every time i try to install it , the download process reach 100 but when it be instal , suddenly say error and just completely fail . in the error message there be option on how to fix it but none of them help . please help .
shake feature not at all work after lolypop android update .
why do wechat cant be refresh its seem like i dont have internet connection . but other application such as instagram be function . fix it please .
super to help because . to esay .
how do i clear my storage wechat i cannot post or receive a picture . help me .
we be try again and again but it's no download .
i can't hear my sight's sound at my post .
hey but slow ok .
can't hear voice from videocall or voice call deym app . be this .
i want to download it . but its say error code 24 . plss fix itt .
can't sign in use facebook .
what the hell i cant even log in it just show the load screen for 6 damn hour . try say that im have internet issue sir .
why the problem can't help me to download the wechat .
the volume control don't seem to work when on speaker . also when you bring the phone up to your ear on a voice call the screen go off for a split second and then it come back on . after that it doesn't go off again .
i love it .
i want to wechat out call position .
please add in the cloud chat history back up . its really inconvenient to back up through window . please consider . thank you .
best app .
i love .
bore . whats app be the best . sayonara .
woww . i love this app .
the good app .
i prefer the older version where u can actually see how many people nearby add u . and u can see their greet even when after u add them . fix it like it use to then i rate 5stars .
it be get problem with connection for smartwatch .
i can't install the app , even i have download .
i like it .
very open app to find friend .
i love it , it be so good . a job well do .
it ain't work make me sick and have to keep sign in omg .
recommend for all .
whenever i try to sign up it want the code send by sms . and when i paste the code it tell the code invalid . try 5 time and now piss off .
now i cannot view my fren upload photo and sight . pls fix it . i give you 5 star .
two option , transfer , lucky mony be show in u tube display but practically not find , twitter sound during call should be solve privacy should be maintain . moreover better .
i can't get backup of my chat .
i love this app .
y can't get the code always load only nt goin further .
old vrsion better . quite ok now . but apps not operate on my sd card anymore .
v good app .
very good .
this app suck .
i like it .
the storage space very large title make my memory go jam .
this app freeze and do not work all i see be a moon wallpaper .
i just update my wechat a few day ago and the app just fine . today suddenly it show message the application wechat process com . tencent . mm have violate its self enforce strictmode policy . i press ok and it still come out until i press ok many time and then it come out again . what wrong .
erghh can't sign up . it load then nothing .
it show that your phone number be invalid .
it be a bore app , however i download but its too bore .
4gb for wechat wtf be it why wechat take to much space plezz tell me .
i don't have the people nearby and frnds radar option in my app . why .
i believe message should sync with the account not in yhe device where it be log in .
i download the app and try so many time to sign up but there be no verification code receive via sms , i even try to use two different phone number for two different company but still no success in get the verification code , what be wrong exactly .
i can't log in my account why .
i hope sight can use front camera . just a request . i will give 5 star .
too laggy .
love it .
its nyc app .
i like it .
my accaunt cant view others account , any image , my own timeline , cant download anything .
the introduction be unneccesary the guy with the moon as it be too long . and when i want to approve people from people nearby the page will be back to home . and i need to open back the greet . hope u can fix this . sorry for my bad english .
see notification would be valuable .
why i can't be list on people nearby people can't see me on list please help me .
i don't know what .
damn it i accidently delete my important messeges how should i restore itt .
i like wechat .
it , say something about via and account and i can't get on want to cry .
i would rate 5 star if it have a set that can change the colour theme of the interface .
work great even on my outdated gingerbread .
why my version didn't have lucky money icon .
sometime get people simply add in group without confirmation .
i really love it .
my wechat apps automatic remove from my phone . now , i cant install back . after download , it say error and cant install . what happen .
definitely the best chat app available .
i haven't have any major problem with the app . very small thing that be fix once i reboot my phone . i enjoy use this app . video chat be great and always clear .
great keep good work . nice application .
if i get another choice i won't use this junk .
so nice any one .
this be a great app to use .
we chat make my phone with virus . don't install this app . it doesn't work .
cannot work at android 2 . 5 . 6 .
whatever you have do , i'd reverse it . my thread have go and i cannot find people around me .
i have note to say but this app be cool .
still can't login with qq please fix this how do you remove wechat out do not need or want wechat out . please add a way to disable this feature . new update be still cause error .
i need out call .
light easy to use .
im use samsung galaxy . if i open this app the log in sign wont show up what's wrong be it my phone problem or what it keep show the earth sign . please . help me . i really love this app .
it's good be wechat user have an option to deactivate old account . i would have give this review 5 star .
very like .
it's great .
its not bad for me but all wear not use this app .
integrate this app with facebook so tht i can add my friend from facebook .
why after i update it . it be auto close . i cannot open my wechat .
and the best .
it didn't allow user to send a photo from google photo which be take from different device . unable to load the resource error message show issue have be report in your feedback form in detail . your feedback form have a bug . it crash when i have from word in my message .
i turn off speaker mode , my monitor will become dark whn im listen bt it didnt become bright after . that . every time . fix it n i will gv 5stars .
always network error . can't view image , can't upload image . what's wrong with the app .
why i cant open this apps . i have download it for many time please fix this .
i like it .
i love this .
cute sticker . however sometimes my msg fail to send n receive . it'll b helpful if it can indicate when d recipient have last check into wechat whether d msg have be read , so i can know how often or whether or not d recipient check wechat . then i rate dis app as 5 .
can the word be a bite bigger . i have put to largest but nothing change .
how be it that i'm still receive text from a group that i have already delete and leave , it's very annoy , please advise .
please update ur ui , make me boriing with that . gve u 5 star if any ui change .
how to see if my friend be in online or not this be a vry bad part in wechat or else i would give 5 star . please reply for this .
hello um get same update again and again for last 10days . i already update but get 6 . 3 . 7 version for 3 time . what be this problem .
to select friend be still break on my google nexus 5 with marshmallow , please fix .
why no backup of chat i go online search , saw many sit state there be one , but on 6 . 3 . 7 , i cannot find the backup chat how do i backup if i change phone i need the chat to be back up . till solution then i will give 5 star .
unable to change cover photo n profile photo for my zenfone6 . pls fix it .
it's very better from any other apps .
only one .
most versatile free chat apps out there .
not bad .
love it .
its ok .
i can't tell if the person be online or if he read my message or if he be type . i'll give it a 5 star after this problem be solve .
it's don't work we chat shake to my mobile . its alwys so no result find plz fix the bug as soon as possible . plz suggest me what to do .
you need to put the exactly time when the msg be send and when i receive , it's will be great . need a option to take a photo directly in the application .
i will try to love it .
i'm love it . but you need to improve . how can i know some one active . like other apps add a green mark when someone active .
nice app to connect people .
i can't download this app .
but why no back up of conversation . also the online and last see plus at what time a person have read a message .
i love it .
after update new version , every time open , auto close .
it easy . like fb we can check up our friend status or moment in wechat . but this app more simple n private .
i download the new update of wechat , after download i open it , but it's not respond . no log in box . just moon and a man . can you send me a link with older version . thank .
nice to use this app for fun .
i'm samsung s6 edge . when i sight at dark place with some light , inside screen with become green colour , light uv green colour . can i know what be the problem .
wow . now i can chat with my friend . thank wechat .
suggest to expand the radius of discovery for nearby function , and improve the distance scale to even closer proximity .
message cannot be send out eventhough the connection be fine .
it be sim need to download this app .
wanna use this fuction but not available what be go on .
new version be so worst . when update it and open then my phone hang .
cannot search the chat image , auto pop out from my conversation please fix it .
i can't download this app .
it won't download .
wechating all time . not less .
love this app so much .
i think i just update it for nothing . nothing change in my opinion . be there anything change .
there's a bug which i cannot open chat image in a group chat . please solve it as i use note 3 .
can u fix it plz tencent . i want all my friend back .
my device redmi note , can download image and video after update this aplication .
can you add a little bite like last see and type . and please make an update how to clear moment .
love it .
plz update it coz i cant use wechat out for india call and it be also not in country code list .
the voice call end frequently without i be end it . i be use 5 . 0 .
good wechat out feature .
i forget my password and i try all password that i remember and still wrong password . then my account have be block .
i hope in wechat , we can post gif image , u know it's absolutely amaze , if u guy developer could work for this feature . and yeah i hope that sight feature , would make we be able to record use front camera it would be awesome man hahaha okay that's all hope u guy read this . thank for the awesome work .
good job wechat team i love it .
5 star if it can change id wechat just once please , reply please .
i keep get the unable to send photo notification . what's wrong here .
i have a problem . if i try to instal wechat , it always fail . can i know what the problem maybe there's something with my android .
why so many update it almost like every 3 or 4 day u have an update .
when i use my other phone to look around i didn't me in the list of look around , in fact i already do look around on my other phone . please fix i love the feature so much .
love it .
be only a little bite awesome .
why now i profile already change but pic no change . pls reply .
there be no nearby option in my wechat account . what be the underlie problem .
would've be fabulous of it would've download .
can't connect to server these day , i can't do anything .
why i can't back up chat history tell me .
why cant verify my wechat account .
awesome , awesome , awesome , awesome , awesome , awesome , awesome , awesome , awesome , awesome ,
i like this apps .
become very unresponsive after update . please fix it .
i can't wait to text voice mail video chat .
very good .
thank wechat now i can use back wechat .
act like bloat ware .
please help me . im already send my feedback about my problem with people nearby feature before i update for the last version . but still same . even i can search sometime i cant view the peopl who add me . please .
i can't see and post sight and photo .
i cannot send my message to my friend , please help me .
slow mo . ugly ui . stuupid . uhh .
top app .
brilliant simple to use . any problem we chat centre sort it very quick .
nice there .
slow app n cud mk its feature better n better n once it fully upgrade dis app wud be super best social app .
i have nothing to say yet because i be new use this apps .
it didn't allow user to send a photo from google photo which be take from different device . unable to load the resource error message show .
this app r not good bcoz it's not show online friend that like a whatapp facebook when i go to th wechat side ask how to i see my r online they send me false msg .
please , wanna change my id . tire to answer question from new friend add . please .
bring back the option to backup chat log .
its very hard to istall it again be there possible any reason thats easy . coz it take too much time .
awesome geatest very good nice good job smile always .
why anytime wechat be update , update , update and update . but i still use this app because can save my credit .
network problem and others problem s .
be give us an android style gui that difficult why do i still have to look at this ugly ios one .
i've find my love with this app .
i like it .
hope this app light and not laggy like others message app .
people nearby option not work on my galaxy mega . it use to work flawlessly .
it's great apps i love it .
this update version do not work in my walton primo rm . and whenever i try to call someone if he recives just show connect . and same go with him . pls fix it . i cannot talk with my bf without it .
but above its ok , i will try instal it another time .
very good .
too bad .
the web version lack of history of conversation . would be better if there be .
very easy .
and when you be gonna upgrade it to 6 . 0 marshmallow standard .
i need my wechat back i can't download the new version . plz fix it .
i always stucked at the moon view about many day once i've do update and untill now i can't find the solution to log in my wechat . pls fix it asap .
i cannot see sight in full screen mode bro hope you can solve this problem .
i very hate this wechat because it really lose my memory .
it keep gud relation .
please fix it .
since the update the app have be act up . freeze , pic not load , network problem , freeze while type especially , response for the application slower .
shake option not work properly long time . why wechat team not resolve the issue please should be resolve in next update .
love this app .
why i cant instal it .
i have a problem with the app . it doesn't send me the message . i really need the app , please fix it .
unable to tag people in chat .
whenever i try to sign up it want the code send by sms and i paste the code it tell that invalid . try 5 time and now piss off .
good until walkie talkie and cloud backup be make disappear . can only backup to a computer or move chat to a physical device present under same wifi ssid now . so disappoint . sure we know there be voice call and video call but these aren't convenient as walkie talkie . i use to recommend wechat to others because of these two feature . now , i would recommend whatsapp because of its google drive backup ability . sorry tecent , you be run far behind .
why new version can't open chat image in group please update thank u .
after uplode . my location data be unable to search . fix it asap . wechat .
wechat devs , please respect the priority mode of android 5 . if we're in priority , wechat should not ring . please .
so many bug , cannot use voice pig .
because i'm can call , message and others . be like .
i haven't get the update help me please everyones get it except me . ill give u guy 5 star just please fix it i really want to use wechat i want to have the new update please help me .
problem with sign up . message keep say name unavailable .
after update the latest version my load to wechat be very lag interm or type audio and new or previous message . dear support team please help me solve this problem . thank you .
automatic update 6 . 3 . 7 group chat image cant load when search group chat image will auto turn to sign in page .
like the app , it's just effective and simple .
i love it .
wechat vrsion 6 . 3 . 7 didnt work on my asus zenfone 6 after update . please fix it asap . ty the link that u give me cannot open . any sugguestion . ty .
please help me i want to delete my account .
wechat tencent .
tnx this be the best app which i see first time .
its help me to find a new friend . i rate 6 .
my wechat log out itself and my chat history all go . can u help me to retrieve it back pls .
hey guy . i've more than one account . and i want to close one of them . can u respon to me wechat team .
i cant make video call amd call to my friend . it always say , your not friend . and please add if the person have see the message already such as see or read and the time you send those message overall , it's a great app and the sticker be confuse . please make the sticker easily find if we type a word .
good app .
love it .
i haven't get the update help me please .
this app really go bakwas in indian word .
i couldn't log in my own account .
i hat block because if anyone block me i can't shake or send for people .
i cant open wechat in my phone even though i instal it . it jus show the start logo where a man stand beside the globe .
how to make the text that we could post or comment more than 30 alphabet .
unable to sign up what the hell n after try to sign up the verification code be wrong every time .
why can't i open my favourite its load quite long . how you expect me to send my favourite . no answer in 1 week then uninstall it .
can u guy please make a update for my version i really want the new feature where u can video call in a group .
i have no word .
problem send photo and also deal with pervert on the app .
please let me know who be online on wechat .
work perfectly .
please add the backup restore fuction in the latest version , or please let me downgrade my wechat .
i couldnt find the back up chat button .
this app be good to communicate with each other .
the graphic image so low .
i like it .
i cant download new wechat .
i use wechat for daily bar before . but the application flash out once about a week ago , and every time i try to reopen it , it flash out when i open it and saw the home page of wechat . after that , i try so many time to redownload it , and most of the time i can't download it as it have an error with code 504 . i follow the troubleshoot process , and it want work at work . sometime , i luckily download wechat again , and open the home page . but when i log it , it flash out and can't open anymore .
nice apps .
thank for new version .
why i cant install now my wehat , i've be use it before .
after update can't make video call . please fix .
cannot view photo and post photo . please rectify .
i use wechat as my daily platform and i like it but now suddenly all of my sticker be go . my favorite sight be go too . please do something about it . and then maybe i can give you more star .
very good .
wechat keep fail share moment with certain group instead it share with all your friend . i test this again . it work when share to only one group . any more than that didn't work .
i request a password retrieval , which work . but now i be try to verify my phone number and every time it keep tell me too many operation , try again later . what should i do .
current new version only can do migration . please add it back , it's quite important feature . tq .
always hang my mobile can u please what i do my wifi even ok i cant call more time please fix .
not bad .
please add a wechat for tablet update for standard android . i have a samsung tab a that be use the cell phone version of wechat . log in and it kick me off my phone . the ipad version allow me to scan a qr code . please add this in .
you need to put the exactly time when the msg be send and when i receive , it's will be great .
its so fun because i just love it .
cannot see ppl send their photo . its happen again . i decide not to use this app if the problem still not fix hm .
like it .
kinda panic at have no recall button . fix this please .
my friend able to send me new sticker but i m nt able to see that or even not able to see download option for those sticker's .
it good for teenager to communicate with friend .
very nice .
walkie talkie be go this be my favorite feature please bring it back .
but there be bug with empty sticker .
love it .
it's so easy to use and voice call and voice call be so handy . must have .
nice app i ever use .
too much space a bite lag on type chat . plss fix it .
i just like it very much .
jump to the start earth when i try to look at chat image .
would have give it 5 star but please make it an option to receive message from the wechat team .
i can chat with my girlfriend .
i couldnt open my acc . it keep srver failure . could somebody tell me how to fix it .
why unsupported sd memory pls fix its .
i dont know why i cant view the pic that my friend post , before this i think it be a connectioned issue , but even when i try with the 4g connection still the same thing happen , try to install and uninstall but no different at all . what can i do .
it didn't allow user to send a photo from google photo which be take from different device . alternative solution be to download the photo before send out .
simple and easy .
no image display after update . and cannot update photo as well . please . i have use wechat so long . and i dont want to create new account .
it's good to people to use it .
love it .
i can't open any picture .
wechat vrsion 6 . 3 . 7 didnt work on my asus zenfone 6 after update . please fix it asap . ty .
it's okay only but not much good .
store all your message in the cloud , but doesn't let you retrieve them after you reinstall , unless you tell them you be go to , why also , wallet doesn't work appear .
i love this app so much . thank you .
good until walkie talkie and cloud backup be make disappear . can only backup to a computer or move chat to a physical device present under same wifi ssid now . so disappoint .
pls fix it .
trouble shoot didnt help . i still cannot install this app .
i think its god compare to eny thin else .
i love it .
i don't know what .
wechat be so slow log in problem how to log in if there no log in box .
when i want to refresh the moment but its still nothing change and even i cant update the moment in wechat anymore . please so something about it please .
recent backup feature really suck i lose data twice because i couldn't back up my history . old method of backup be great . now , it ask me to click back and enable backup migration while it's only for migration of data from one device to another what if i want to reset my phone and restore my message .
after update , itu will pop out to main page after i be look for chat image in the group chat . pls fix it .
how to do . i can't install it . please reply as fast as possible .
when update complete , i cant open chat image .
before i update it , it be all normal then i update it cuz i think i would improve performance , now the chat image option make it reset , it hang a lot more and it only start crash now .
mesut zil be the best .
awesome geatest very good nice good job smile always .
love it .
i want to try this .
cant download why ar .
wechat keep close after open group chat image after update it suck .
not work at uruguay do something please .
i love to use wechat to talk , send message , image n to share my best moment with my friend . very easy to use .
i open the app , then close it . after clear the ram , the process of the app be go , i have to open the app again to receive notification . android 5 . 0 . update i install new apk , but it be more worse .
i don , t like we chat because it need many internet to download it .
not good .
i'm a business girl on wechat . i need to ask why i always can't receive message from others . but i still can see my friend update their status in moment . please tell me why , i need to reply customer and receive message . if my friend or customer inbox me on wechat but i can't receive any message , what can i do install and uninstall many time useless also . please solve my problem . thank .
i just update my wechat , after update my wechat cannot open . please help me to fix it . thank you .
why my wechat cannot download please help me as fast as impossible .
get problem with voice chat .
i have download the app till 26 mb and after that it say instal . but its be half hour and till now its not instal .
since after update send slow , unable to access the server and network problem .
i like it .
i've try to force stop wechat because it's buffer too long and when i want to post a moment it cannot be send . my internet connection be in a good condition but may i know if there be any other problem with this apps thank you .
it just useless .
before that still ok , but don't know why suddenly my group chat cannot tag my friend by .
it's ok but it's not download very fast .
i like tiz n tiz s vry easy way 2 communicate .
i cant make a walky talky session with my friend lol the logo of walky doesnt exist on my wechat i felt so terrible about this problem please fix this i cant give five star if this suck didnt solve yet .
so many game i get from wechat .
nice application but the problem be sometimes i cant recieve a message .
even after change , when re open the app , avatar become like before .
i love it .
slowdown on lg v10 . whatsapp work perfectly fast . slow when show sticker .
wow . wow .
once you get the bug out .
y i can't download this apps . very sad .
may i know why the size be bigger than whatsapp . how your gonna compete with whatsapp . if you guy even can't reduce the size of the app . disappoint to all wechat user .
until now i still have the same problem with sight and video call . that be green screen while do sight or video call . please fix it asap . it be irritate .
every new update . always can't open wechat . seriously guy why this always happen i already post about this bfore . still no action be take .
i hv problem see contact image , open image , listen to voice msg and also cannot leave voice msg after update . please fix it as soon as possible . thank you . android version 5 . 1 .
love but recently i haven't be get notify when i have a message unless it's open run in backround .
if it be possible be go to give it half star . its not pass the verification page because it unavailable for some unknown reason . i have account i just want to activate it on a different handset . pliz help .
when i be on a video call , the quality be awful . seem like my front camera be only 30 mega pixel .
i like it .
the walkie talkie option be not there . pls look into it .
thank wechat team have restore my feature that be unable for some time really appreciate ur guy help , thank again .
where's the backup function .
love it .
i can't open wechat after i update .
this be my new , i couldnt get log in and sign up also , i dont know why , bt wechat name in another person , how would i solve this , thank you .
pls help .
i love this app .
once i want to view the image with click chat image column in chat menu , it will restart automatically and back to the chat list , please fix it . thank .
i can't do a thing with that app .
can't send image anymore after latest update .
firstly . i want delete all my contact list friend in wechat so faster . no one by one i should delete . its be so lated . so how i want delete alls my contact list . any suggestion .
just the moment slow .
when click on chat image , the apps restart itself everytime .
unable to open the apps after the most recent update . why can help .
search people nearby option be not present in this version .
the app be use too much power in the background mode .
do the people u text have wechat too .
since the update the app have be act up . freeze , pic not load , network problem , freeze while type especially , response for the application shower .
download wechat on blackberry cause my memorycard to pack up and my phone . try to download on android , dont get a verification code . really .
network automatically shift to 3g frm wifi when use shake feature . no input see from the developer , worst developer .
old vrsion better . now cannot forward sight and fovorite that be save lose .
download the file but it be unable to install . download until 88 then try to install bd fail to do so . please fix or give me a link to an older version .
its ok .
please fix it every time i open chat image always return to main chat .
i m samsung s6 edge user , everytime when i take sight my screen colour will become green colour or yellow colour , not original colour . can i know what be the problem . i already install and uninstall many time also the same problem come out ,
not find option to search ppl nearby .
i cant even sign up to this apps . so this mean this app doesnt support android 2 . 3 . 6 or what .
in apps wee chat aap be king .
so great .
love it .
love it .
i be not able to find friend even after use shake fuction .
the image at chat and momment cannot show even in speed connection . sigh .
my moment cant reflash and update new stats . pleaee fix it .
i can't see my contact photo even if i be use wi fi in my house this do not happen once or two time this be the 30 time i be gate this probelm .
why be it not send me the verification code .
unable to sign up what the hell n .
it's nice but require a lot of data .
it's ok .
have problem with moment i can't see picture and sight . please fix it .
totally can't open after update . what happen .
slow . msg in our out .
be nice app but why most of the time shake do not work plz solve it otherwise it be awesome app .
after i update always need to resend and some time send slow .
be the best u know .
i forget my password and the login with sms say i need to authenticate . once i do it ask for account which be my mobile number and where to send the sms but in both case i enter my number and it say no exist account and i cannot create a new account because my phone number be in use .
i hate the sound when the connection be unstable . pls fix it .
upload my chat history 2 day ago and can't restore onto my new phone . it still show my upload 1 . 2tb of data in wechat server and the old phone it upload from , but keep fail and i have to click retry over and over . be there a workaround what can i do .
what i like most be the wechat out free call international which be other apps don't have , keep it up .
it happen all the time . i dont know why . even i rapidly online but it still be the same . please fix it . asap . or i'll rat more .
very good chat app .
i want back the green colour sticky on top .
just get it and be impress alrrady .
so nice .
thank wechat now i can use back wechat .
nice app .
i like whatsapp but i also like wechat , but i very like wechat .
keep it up .
i hv problem with my wechat app that my clean master app always keep remind me that wechat be keep on restart at the back without my notice and drain my battery and i have to off the app everytime after i have use it . pls fix this wechat .
after update , unable to view pic , video in chat image . please fix it asap .
why some of my emoji cant see .
this be great .
nice app .
cannot backup my cha . it say press back to enable chat backup , but nothing there .
be there any black theme and its difficult than window phone version .
people near by you be not show in my wechat .
love it .
samsung galaxy note4 after update cannot use .
love this app but since update , it isn't work as well as it do before .
just now i cannot open the image and the sight on wechat . not only one picture or sight but , all of its . could you please fix it damn .
i can not sing up . the app say my mobile number be wrong . the app be wrong .
i can't open and send photo in chat .
can't experience all feature while bluetooth tether example people nearby cant load . clear wechat from recent apps , and you'll never receive any notification from it , and i hate that .
open chat image and auto restart wechat or just revert to chat page .
my phone wechat out option not come . can you tell me plz .
they don't give you an option to delete your profile what bs .
how to open .
very nice .
can find friend very knowledge issue .
excellent sound quality . but don't like the sound which appear after each voice message . please try to turn it off .
this app work perfectly until i download the latest update today . now as it show me the man in front of the moon it immediately kick me out of the application . please fix this .
nice easy to use .
there so many hacker private please .
i think its more fun if u add some more game . rpg or strategy game d by the way , i really enjoy this app .
still the most feature rich instant message app to date , but the lack of respect for privacy drive me elsewhere .
there be still notification sound after i set the android set as do not disturb .
free international call direct .
this keep happen say i've be report too many time but i only talk to family . how can i be ban for no reason . i could not log in for a long time today only to find out that the person i have be talk to last night be talk to me but the message be not come through . what the heck wechat . also i have no sound on my video chat and have try to find a fix for it to no avail . how be wechat rat so high yet come with so many bug .
wechat be very best app for voice and video call . i be use this app before 3 year . i love it .
camera freeze when i use back camera on video call help please .
we chat .
use location search do not work . there no point to this app without it . fix it asap .
before this can backup chat now i can't find backup option when click on chat migration only saw a restore button fix this problem please .
however you try to report pornographic profile pic they still remain . disappoint .
my friend can't hear my voice when i plug in my earphone .
sorry , but can i pls know why be i have an issue where everytime i open chat image of a group it revert the apps to the start logo where the moon and a man be show i already try reinstall but same thing happen . pls fix it . i'm really grateful if you fix it asap . thank you .
this application be good .
all the sticker should be available in all region .
nice one .
i love it .
look good but similar to what's app but be much better and still learn more about it but my so love this .
love it .
thank u we chat to have u .
whats happen to this i cant login and lot of question i want to open my account before .
i love it .
love it .
it's be lag since yest . a lot of spamming . frustrate .
no comment .
too many virus come while chat and video and data receive .
really good but unable to use on anything except my phone .
very clear fast video call .
i like wechat .
please fix it wwaste to many data in it crazy .
i love it my friend be in it bite one never ansewers anymore .
i buy a new phone number , when i want to sign up it be already link . in malaysia , if a phone number be expire , they recycle and sell to the other people . pls do something about this , because this can harm other people privacy .
i like this app . but i force uninstall bcause my phone have not space for storage .
be very good .
i love it .
it be great .
you should let us now when the message have be read like kik or what's app or facebook or snapchat or instagram should i continue that's all lol .
why offline song that have be download cant be listen not everyone can afford vip joox .
i know there's already an option to make font bigger in setting , however it's still not big enough for some people specially elder . please make the font bigger in the chat . thank you .
but still ausum in use it .
love it .
amaze app .
good for chat with .
best app .
every time i try to sign up it show error n some numericals after that fix it .
its cool easy to make new friend good to chat .
can't open . edit i have open my account and be use it for 3 month . tq for fix the problem .
love it .
free apps .
be currently use on galaxy tab to log in and chat . when use this phone , only the man and the moon show up but no option seem to appear on the screen . be it bcz of my outdated phone or be there a glitch have try to uninstall and install about 4 5 time bite still the same thing happen . great app though . please fix bcz this be my only way to communicate with . my friend .
why wechat . help me .
i can't understand why this app need nearly 700 mb . even facebook use only 300 mb . be it be collect anonymous data .
pl add these feature please add online friend indicator read message for colour tick mark and lite the app it comsumes all ram size 30 . 63 mb wat be this we want a slim 5 mb app . wechat lite consider this also change the design of app .
i love it .
help me i need to retrieve my first account .
i on the nearby you function , for a few min i be appear in the list . few min later i be no longer in the list . no mater how i refresh .
i can't not refresh my moment . then when i log out , i unable to log in back . please solve this problem .
love it .
five star app .
still like the old feature .
some problem we can not talk by we chat .
cant open the app .
lately and after the last update , i can't see any picture . they show up gray in the chat and when i click on it , it say unable to download image . another thing that have be happen be it'll randomly delete all my chat background which be aggravate . its be do this for a while .
android 4 . 3 , galaxy s3 update wechat version , restart ,
i can't see any improvement of my sight even this update come out i can't understand this please solve this asap .
everything be do great except that when i want to watch someone's sight on full screen , it doesn't show the video . please fix this asap .
but since i update it for last version i have a problem in search they give unable to locate your location please go back and try again this problem repeat with me many time in each day please i want from you to fix this . otherwise i will remove it thank you please fix it its annoy problem and there be another new problem before the last update i can block anyone send greet now i can't please solve this .
very nice app to find new friend and for fun .
it's ok .
hey wechat team , i want wechat outcall option on my menu , i dnt knw y i m nt get . y .
i cant open it after i install . it just come out the people with the earth . be u understand what i mean and it become like that n not come out to sign in . i think it will become fpr many year without stop . i uninstall . install again . still cannot . and shut down the phone . open again . still the same . hum . sorry bad english .
very good .
just have 1 prblem . for the person that you , ve block , they still can see your profile picture and cover photo . i hope that you , ll fix it . thankz .
can u add deactivate button i want to deactivate my account .
hello wechat . my name be amir . i get a new number for my phone so i wanna create an account for this number . it be work very good when i try to create an account but after ive finish i just get an account which be already be create by someone . i want a new account not an account that have be use . i hope you can understand my problem now . please help me and thank you for your coorperation .
the video chat quality be poor grainy not very clear . i use video chat a lot fix it and give you 5 star .
i try lot but i can't .
great app .
nice app to meet and chat with stranger .
app be great just do not know full name end up to be id not happy , can't be change .
cant open the we chat . it just show the picture of the earth .
i like it .
why it suddenly say my account doesn't exist i use the account more than a year already . hope wechat can fix this . my wechat id gimaaposko21 be nowhere to be find .
very good .
dear wechat team , could you please make your apps more user friendly , i have be look for way to deactivate some of my account but i could not find deactivate button anywhere , i have 3 account already . right now i only want to keep 1 account . please fix this problem .
it would be perfect if wechat update its design to be more material , like what whatsapp do .
before i update , my internet connection be good on my wifi connection . but now , need to fix . same as data connection .
this app be not download in . my phone how what i do for download this app pls tell me something .
when i'm click on sign in it be say that my phone number be invalid . fix this .
why always update . if u reduce update the wechat . i'll give u 5 star .
video and website load be too slow pls fix it .
i like it because most of my friend be on it , just like i bank with a bank with most atm in town and around .
not download in blue stack app payer .
always crash , after new update , fix it please ,
i love this app .
unable to start app after latest update pls fix it asap .
i can't use wechat from download this app .
thre be a stupid thing that i cannot to download . please fix it .
why the problem can't help me to download the wechat .
why do you have to sigh in all the freak time i wish it be a kik that you don't have to sigh in .
the new one always block people . always no list on look around without reason .
i use this application before 2 year i think best qulity video call but i lose my friend so i uninsatlled if any friend from china then tell .
my wechat cannot open . he say . wechat have stop . pliss help me .
i be really dissapointed that the update version of we chat have remove the function to backup the chat history onto cloud . what if i would like to reformat my phone then i have to backup my chat history into another phone be really inconvenience .
change the earth symbol on start up . make some change . because change be a process .
i cant open and msg in weechat , i'll tray any application , . log in with via sms , but nothing can i do . can you help me .
my wechat be stucked at the moon . please fix it . i hope you will take serious about this . keep it up .
many people complain many time about wechat design just copy ios design without use android design guideline . it seem wechat team focus on ios more than android . also , so many message app can work across multiple device but wechat can't .
after update , chat image cannot be load for group .
very happy with this app .
voice chat out . it's not workin .
not bad .
how i want to delete all my moment post in wechat wtf i have to delete one by one , its too complicate .
very fine .
hey guy can you tell me when people nearby will be available in india .
improve ui wouldnt hurt i guess .
not so nice when this app laggs .
love this app but when i open somebody sight on fullscreen it dont have video please fix this .
i launch latest wechat but it stick at open theme with a people and moon . how can i fix it . i be use samsung galaxy .
what be your problem i love this app but when i open it , it'll say unfortunately wechat have stop and i always redownload this app . please , fix this .
my wechat out free minute be finish . how can i manage the balance . it be really very helpfull for me . now i be in need of it . please help me .
best app ever .
too heavy .
occupy so much space .
best chat ever .
i already open that link , then it update my wechat version , but it seem nothing be happen , it be still the same , i can't send greet n people nearby can't find me , what be happen to my account my internet set be all correct . be there other way to fix it , thank .
i can update to 6 . 3 . 7 no problem now . thank .
wechat , why do you make your app so troublesome to use why can apple user stay log in on several device but android user can't other similar apps such as viber also allow you to stay log in on more than one device . why don't you .
we chat please respond me after this . i have participate in i phone 6 contest and i don't get any of it .
cant even login . just hang at login page .
he be nice app .
just ok .
it be so beautiful .
when i login my wechat i'd irinelyssairin i can't see wechat out feature . when i login another wechat i'd then i can see , pls help .
i like it .
my phone even suggest me to delete this app , joke of the year .
it keep say chat be restrict user have not accept my invite and sometimes its normal whats goin on .
the tag system suck . if you add a new friend they can not see your previous moment in the tag system . before you use group and you could move people about the group and choose what they see . restore group feature please it be a far better system . last update totally screw the icon even more than before . unusable .
the app crash when i try to open chat image .
just get the s6 edge and instal it . just crash .
just suck .
cool aap i love wechat .
at first it be work properly then it doeant work on mobile network then shake feature dosent seem to work . it be hell of a mess .
i like app .
i be so boref .
knnot download .
it's like whatsapp and facebook combine what can be better than that .
always lag .
i like because many friend .
server error right after i update the app . older version work better . any idea how to downgrade this app .
it hang too many time .
occupy all my phone's space and work as if i borrow it . my people . i download it waste my data bundle of which i'll never get them back .
even though .
good app to communicate with friend , family and business person .
love it .
why be we out restrict for india .
best way to contact communication with friend around the world .
network automatically shift to 3g frm wifi when use shake feature . no input see from the developer , worst developer .
can't even run wechat after update to the latest version .
it be very good app can chat and send voice message very easily and keep make it more good and with more feature thank .
its good but i try to make friend with other people but they so jerk and it make me not uncomfortable .
i have to uninstall and install back again many time .
yeah . very nice app . and can add auto sight . i wan sight my self at dance . like break . i will give us five star tq .
someone send virus to my group chat . now i can t open at all . pls fix it as soon as possible . thank .
low download .
notification no sound alert . try everything still same . please fix it . thx .
there be no lastseen to b view .
i love this apps .
wtf , again that's call update .
love it .
i love it .
please put feature tick all or tick to delete . beg you .
it stick at that earth wallpaper for no reason . please fix this . i'm use samsung galaxy .
why my acc have problem , cant recieve new msg and moment be not update .
everytime i change my cover , the app crash , fix this please .
i can't user this app , after i install it its lock please do something .
ilovethis app . its too good .
i love this apps . but make it more good to update .
unable to add other people take too much time load .
its ok .
nice one .
i've only have a problem with the application on older blackberry phone on any other the application work perfectly .
nice update .
i just install and uninstall back because its doesnt work like usual . i just update the wechat , and now i cant open it . pls help me .
we chat .
i have a big trouble google play store be not support to let me update the newest wechat . now my wechat be 6 . 2 . 5 .
where be material design also please give solution to differentiate between normal chat and broadcast message .
i love it and its easy to use .
u cau use it easly and find friend around u .
fix it .
it can be better if they add option to see who be online and last online status please message be read or not by the user we send it to plus from last few update in shake option it search people from china and show they be just few km away from my place even be in pakistan it's kinda funny .
love it .
i cnt even change my photo . and its be damage .
i love it .
do the window back up restore . work faster and better than cloud but for some reason . the be in chinese . my window be standard english us .
nice app . more option pls .
good for chat .
the tag system suck . if you add a new friend they can not see your previous moment in the tag system . before you use group and you could move people about the group and choose what they see . restore group feature please it be a far better system .
my network be work but the apps cannot connect with the network , what the problem .
send message also can't zz .
nice app .
why i also can't download wechat .
i love this app because i can chat whit my freind and family .
not bad .
when i want to make a voice msg . my tablet screen rotate it self and my voice msg completely ruin . please fix it . i'm use samsung tablet 10 . 1 . also can't cancel the voice msg .
its awesome .
on wifi say no network . only work when use mobile data . thankyou for reply .
free chat . call more .
everything be not work after the update .
the application be great in concept and feature , but pornography be not well filter . many user have shameful profile photo and if you report about it . wechat reply sorry , we be unable to resolve your report about x due to insufficient detail . thank for your support what detail more than a bold co .
you should recharge balance direct to mobile phone .
how to deactivate wechat .
thank for all your help and advice on how to get the best quality product at the end .
my fon be steal n i m use a new sim fon number whenever try to login use previous fon number password incorrect . i do try the retrieve option seem system to bz i do remember my wechat id but still didn't manage to retrieve my account . it's kinda sad coz that account have be use for almost 2 year . hopefully u guy can help me asap .
i cant make video call amd call to my friend . it always say , your not friend . and please add if the person have see the message already such as see or read overall , it's a great app and the sticker be confuse . please make the sticker easily find if we type a word .
the best .
nice app .
it make me easy to communicate my friend .
still i could not view the image and moment picture . i also cannot receive the voice massage and send the voice massage .
i cannot open wechat on my phone after download and install it .
dear dev team , i use to like the tint status bar on bar and its nice but my problem now be during i change my profile picture , the display be still my old profile although i ve change it many time but my friend see my profile pic be the new one pls fix this and i will give 5 star .
cool app .
since latest update the profile pic keep revert to a previous pic . app be also slow to update message compare to whatsapp .
i have a problem . my account register use my old number phone . i lose my simcard . what should i do to access my account and i forget my password .
pls fix .
i just make a new wechat account . and i want to add my friend by search for their wechat id . but there's a notification tell me that i have a problem with my account . please tell me the solution for my problem .
i can't open my wechat . i reinstall last night but can't sign in . about 12 hour i look at the moon .
have to reformat my phone , and the new chat history migration be useless for me coz i don't have an extra phone to perform that . prefer the old chat history backup .
super good .
its pretty cool for those who want to have a reliable chat , call . multimedia message . and so on .
i can't switch my account .
help the talk message end click still make sound after plug in the ear phone .
appear server's failure after update to new version . cant connect to wifi . please solve the problem .
please fix it .
didn't have the restore or import option . v6 . 3 . 7 .
we go . like it wechst .
its great .
it have be log me out and always say that the wechat version may be out of date or compromise or something like that . even tho the wechat be already up to date . wut the fish .
app crash at my favorite . after that , it just keep crash every time at openning .
there be no option for account delete or deactivation . and also full of fake people .
my sticker disappear and i have to uninstall the app and re download the app in order to get the sticker back . this be have happen more than 6 time now in a month .
hi administration icanot get any msg from my frnds since 2 day idnt know even they get my msg after all if i'm use shake option it's always show no result find try again .
i cant see the sight .
i'm not able to post link to my moment , i send to a msg to help center regard this issue but seem will never get a reply any idea how to do this post a link to my moment .
i can sign up for a wechat account , but it will later till me my log in have expire . then i'll try to log in again and it day my password be wrong . it won't work if you try to reset or retrieve it . a failure as an app .
use money every call
best app ever .
some problem with call he come message unstable call connection .
y suddenly i cnt use wifi connect my wechat other website or fb be ok only wechat hv problem .
i hope that will pop out a warn message when the user want to delete conversation . this be to avoid user delete important conversation . thank you .
everytime i off wechat and on again . my profile pic always change back . i change , but it change back again .
the sight be green when im use it .
it's a good chat with friend around a some distance . but its not a good some time .
its start when im clear data . i cannot see picture , watch sight n cant hear any a voice mesagge .
i love this application because i meet some lovely friend's .
previous image no longer show in conversation , as unable to download image . can't send image .
cool app .
keep connection erro after update cant receive n send msg .
its okey .
like soo much the wechat out . i hope wechat out unlimited call better for us . next update do it .
its incredible .
love it .
i really dont know why wechat keep disconnect be make me very angry i can even send a message or audio or post a moment please fix it as soon as possible .
after update , it hang on moon screen and after that not respond , please fix it asap . i use samsung galaxy ace . gt s5830 .
note that wechat do not let you delete your account . your photo , message , account , phone number will always stay in there system because they don't support cancellation .
suck can't voice call and video call . please solve this and i will rate 5 star .
i open the app , then close it . after clear the ram , the process of the app be go , i have to open the app again to receive notification . android 5 . 0 .
i cannot block a person in people nearby . i hope u will change it like old version becouse cn block someone .
can't even send message , please fix it , thank .
why this app keep disconnect from the internet i'm sure that i'm able to surf the internet and i can open other apps that require internet expect for wechat , it keep say i'm disconnect from the internet please fix it thank .
love it .
i couldnt send my msg at all . it say that i need an internet connection or service failure error . but my internet be work fine and i have even try with wifi and mobile data yet it still couldnt send . solve this please .
althought my wifi be good i still cant send the message out .
love towards .
i can't seem to make voice call and video call , audio message also have problem send , what be the cause of this i try restart my phone and reinstall the app but still no better , need help please .
please update and add feature in your sight to use front face camera . i want to use both .
i hope you can see if they see you . and please make it possible to delete the post of others to your wall . thank you .
awesome no other word .
i'm think to save 1 of my longest conversation . but sadly , the option only show transfer the conversation to new phone . be that possible to save the conversation with different option without lose it . please help me , thank .
really best tip top .
i enjoy use this app .
i cant install this app . y .
download very slow .
when i press the custom sticker it's nothing happen and i cant even browse my custom sticker .
amaze way to connect with friend and family .
luv it .
why my profile picture always change after new update wechat .
love the sticker character .
fix this size .
its always same image when i want to change profile picture . if i change my profile pic . a few minute later its back to older image .
why i cannot look my friend sight and unable to upload photo also my sight .
i want talkie walkie .
nice app . now i be on the latest version , do not disturb still not function right . my notification lead light blink in the middle of night . fix it , please .
i love it .
great way to communicate .
i have a struggle about send in chat . i cant find a send button .
suddenly i cant send out my voice chat . my connection be all good and i only cant send out my voice . text msg have no problem at all on send but voice be all send fail .
nice app .
i'm have connection problem . your app be not able to access the server . but other app use internet be work fine . i try to uninstall and reupdated the app but still it isn't work . it's be the second time i'm send a diagnostic report about the network but no change . what's happen . i'd rather give zero star if possible . i'm consider to close off my account . frustrate .
i cant use my wechat after update .
obviously , my internet be 4g . when i load in wechat , it's say that my internet aren't connect but my other social medium work fine and smooth . but meanwhile , wechat cant detect my internet connection . my friend be have this kind of problem too . please fix it . wechat be one of my favourite apps . em thank you .
not really good .
hi sir , i cannot send receive anything an hour ago . i can access to internet with no problem . please help .
it be pretty fine at first . i be really sorry to say this . while i be half way talk to my friend , and suddenly i just can't send the message . i would really like to know what happen , please fix this i press resend and it keep pop out the word say network error . but i be very sure that it be not my network problem because i can still receive message from other apps . and now i have to reinstall it again and guess what my conversation be go .
i cannot send chat because it always say server access failure my internet be 3g please help me
cannot send voice msg cant make video call n also voice call r u kid me .
this app be good but , why do it take so long to open it's have break image , break voice chat and more . i hope you can fix it .
play this apk anywhere anytime everyday . so awesome .
it's good for share the message .
can't backup chat history , can't find the setting enable chat migration .
if this apps be create by for all then we can capable to access by communicate through any point of view .
after download new version cannt use voice and view photo .
i love so much this apps .
always prompt out disconnect .
why the hack it say unable to connect to server eventho my signal be good enough . i can still browse youtube perfectly but why this app cant .
keep dc my wechat can't even load i have my wifi on and still say disconnect wtf .
what the hell be it , my wechat unable connet to network . solve the problem pls .
i just update my wechat and then i cant access to server and cause my data go inside the chat .
im apps include whatsapp have adopt material design as their design language , so where be your material design .
awesome app .
very good .
use for 10 month , never have any problem until today . please fix this network problem .
and chat for your life .
i have instal the latest version but it's issue be same .
as i try to open it always show an error say unfortunately we chat have stop work . i've try uninstalling and again reinstall it a thousand of time . but to no avail plz do something .
i will give it 5 . but please dnt automatically search for nearby if there a greet . and greet on the old version be much better . thank now im get irritate with the greet part . can u guy update it and just put back the old greet .
i love this app thank you .
this be great apps . but be toomuch eat in my data .
hate this app . i get some distrubing message and i report it with those message . even though i report they didnt do anything . hate this app .
can't find people shake near by me .
i don't know .
cant install with asus zen5 .
suddenly connection lose . already uninstall it and install back , its still same . hope u can fix it .
when i update it , i cannot open my favorite sticker . pls do something and i will give you 5stars .
i like .
after few day update the latest one , wechat break and lose all my chat . it start with ask me to login again and popup appear tell sorry that wechat break , and try to restore auto , and then get fc while restore . i enter wechat back and there it go , all chat miss .
after i update a new version , why i cant open this apps its still show an earth logo . please help me .
when i shake to get friend result but there appear just 1 person in 1 time shake result but i need more people in result of 1 shake as like previous version i'm too old user of wechat i love it but plz make it more good .
my download sticker go every 3 4 day i have to download again nd again every 3 or 4 day and the break video call nd voice call be mazor problem please fix this problem .
v good .
i very love it for my wechat tq .
when i click the emoji lile this , that emoji on wechat turn to the other emoji and blank .
have nice feature and be really different from whatsapp but the app have difficulty catch location and take forever to download medium . i contact a lot of user in the unite state and have come to a conclusion that a lot most female profile be fake . google ashley madison scam .
i cant call to my family always say network issue pls fix this problem in this apos tnx .
wechat be very good for my life . tq .
hate this app somebody want to hack me .
love it so much .
its good but .
love it .
the app crash after update .
i have a galaxy note 5 and i want to share a video from youtube to my wechat moment not to a single conversation but to my moment . and i cant . how do i do it there's no icon for it .
nice one .
i get chat history transfer problem . i'm use symbian os hp and now i wanna transfer chat history to my android hp , but symbian just have chat history backup and restore , but i didn't saw android get this function . please help . i have importance message .
i use this app on lenovo a60 n take much time to refresh moment update and chat with other friend . how to solve this problem .
hey i cant login into my game now after update it wont let me login any wechat game .
be the awesome .
i cant open the app at all .
video and website load be fking too slow pls fix it .
oh my god . why take so long to update my profile , scan qr . i can't do anything .
the talk message end click still make sound after plug in the ear phone .
error message . no memory card . no audio video . bla . in the feature . have to restart all the time .
still can't login with qq please fix this how do you remove wechat out do not need or want wechat out . please add a way to disable this feature . new update be cause error .
every time i try to log on it do a power save add and 3 second later it say this app be not respond don't get this app .
i cannot open . when i update a new version . why .
love it .
for me it be the worse app ever that i've instal .
have the backup chat option be remove . i be try to find the backup option , i know that there be a option before the recent update , but can't find it anymore .
best of the best .
hope thats there's an option to deactivate delete your account . i want to remove my older account which i don't use anymore .
what happen to my wechat i cannot open my wechat for a week . when i open it get crash . uninstalled and instal many time also same result please help me fix this problem .
i have to delete all my sticker and re download it in order for me to view and use it . it be a bite lag also i wish wechat will have smooth perfomance . overall it be ok .
it be awesome .
it seem to have a problem with the relogin with the same account , could the developer try to fix this problem it be useless .
good applicatian .
app stink .
i like it .
can't download .
i have a prblm when i search people near by dnt show . why .
good one .
pretty cool .
i download it . my number come up . apparently i have it before and hat it then too . i don't remember , but i will after this . all i know be i verify my account 2x via phone text , and now it's ask for a 3rd time . no thank i'll delete . it's take longer to verify and write this review then i'll keep this cr app .
but why no back up of conversation . also the online and last see plus at what time a person have read a message .
people nearby cant load . l send feedback but its same .
i have problem load picture on moment and a couple of problem in chat . fix it after reinstall it . to other fellow user if you're have same problem i have try reinstall b4 u go for more complicate stuff .
i need to reinstall wechat . but in new update , i be not able to backup chat history to cloud anymore . it can only transfer chat history to another phone . please enable backup chat history back .
have nice feature and be really different from whatsapp but the app have difficulty catch location and take forever to download medium .
hello please help me with this actually right now i'm use wechat 6 . 3 . 5 and its too good but my problem be that last time i forget to update wechat 6 . 2 . 4 . so , be it possible to update the previous one again .
why i cant sign up with facebook and there be no button that say sign up with facebook fix this problem pls asap .
not receive any message and lose all my message . since last update . use a lg g2 . after your reply still no joy . not receive any message .
please make wechat more privacy like old wechat . don't make it like whats's app or facebook . i beg you . i really hope you all understand what i'm say . i don't want wechat be same like what's app and facebook . please . thank you .
i cant open it at all right after i install wechat .
i have wechat on two of my tablet . love it and use it everyday . but with the new update it crash at start up . uninstalled reboot and instal again still crash . sad .
it's stupid please don't download .
i can't find people nearby . please fix that problem .
still no solution for sight and video call green screen problem i be use 5 . 1 . 1 android . please fix it asap because i be use it everyday .
very nice .
too slow to refresh moment .
shake be not work . it's show find people . only .
i can't see wechat out call option . help me anyone plz . how can i get this option .
what happen with my wechat . when people send me audio message i can't hear it . there be no sound on the audio massage . please help me fix this . than i will give u five star becauss this be my favourite apps . thank u . peace no war .
pls open allow to save more custom sticker , previously be unlimited to 150 but now i think lesser .
i felt strange when nobody text on wechat as usual . then , i decide to open it . it's go . wtf just happen i hope you guy can fix asap .
i just love this application . so helpful to my family here and abroad .
please add online friend indicator read message .
like it very much just add more space for save emotion .
great application we chat thanx for application developer .
when be the lucky winner go to be announce .
wechat now cannot translate .
wechat tencent .
nice apps .
i just instal to see if there be any new improvement but yeah app be slow and laggy plus location be not available even my gps be activate . one more thing facebook login also isn't available . i just don't get it why 5 star for disappoint app .
about to launch the app .
nice interest fast and easy to use all in one try it u will see what i mean very interest nice logo intersting feature it a must see checjk see u will like .
you guy should make it able to backup chat history into one single file that we can keep it in a safe place . because keep everything in the cellphone be not safe .
why do the app delay in come up and in respond please let there be online and offline notification . please place the send button down instead of leave up . it uninstalls itself . make me to start instal again . it suck .
be use it for a long time but my only complaint on the latest update be that it keep show me my old thumbnail or profile pic even though i have already change it a couple of time and even restart my phone don't resolve this . hope this will be fix soon .
but a feature like last see of the person should be add plz do this .
oh my gosh , i just format my phone and i can'y reinstall back this apps . please fix it and i give 5 star if it work . t001 asus .
my phone samsung galaxy note 4 be lag after this app have update . felt feed up . hopefully can fix this out . tq .
what problem with the emoji .
i cannot update this app . please fix it for me .
i can't install wechat apps in my zen5 , why it's not compatible with my phone . please fix immediately .
why can not i open the .
my wechat hackedd help me .
rubbish . 2g ram make of 3 meter be stick .
people can't find me on people nearby , as i can't send greet as well , fix it plz .
very good .
sight and voice mail .
i will give it 5 . but please dnt automatically search for nearby if there a greet . and greet on the old version be much better . thank .
like soo much the wechat out . 5star app . please don't delete wechat out .
i didn't know how to change my wechat id . i try much time , still can't change my id .
too many update too little creation . it keep on increase my data usage every time . should do something about guy masquerade as girl .
please i wanna change my wc id for a second time .
the app othara .
attend by my heart go down program open .
its good for my phone samsung .
play store .
nak download we chat .
love it .
good work .
nearby search error .
need to add some new feature . like around the world . few people show in nearby option . if i add someone than go to search nearby people , same ac come again . please fix this .
why i dont have walkie talkie button .
love it .
why wechat open for a long time can not voice i have be say , not word . available tt after go clean master who can teach me how to do t3t .
the best apps .
after last update this app make me confuse . its hang up my mobile phone . and full of viruse .
still can't login with qq please fix this how do you remove wechat out do not need or want wechat out . please add a way to disable this feature .
spicy chicken .
when i go to set and go to chat there be no backup chat history . please help .
be possble to change near by search from china to washington .
the best haha .
one of the best social network .
i can't receive any message or send any message . beside , i also can't log in . please fix this problem as soon as possible .
shock mengaji of lyn wechat oiyyhh .
awesome crazy pig shit .
good i can chat with my old friend .
couldn't open to view the sight . sometime it say sorry this video cannot be play pliss fix it .
why not open the subscription number of url it .
how to use wechat out and when i try to use wechat out to call someone , the sound of my notification seem effect .
why i dont have lucky money and transfer i update alot of time .
love this app .
load content erratically and eat battery even when not use the app .
can u make this wechat like whatsapp which have last see and online status . it will be more easier for me to check when the last time he she online . thank you .
awesome app .
wtf happen after the update , everytime i video call my bf a pop up show say network issue but i have perfect wifi fix this asap .
i can't change my profile picture . it always the same when i quit the app . pls fix .
good to look for new people and friend .
really nice . like wechat out .
love it .
sometimes cant even open this app wechat automatically log out and now i can't even log in and download this app .
please add notification for the message that we be use . for the recipient send , deliver , read . then i will update my review to 5 star .
i love it . please hurry up my download . help me .
i cant load people nearby . i have try many time but still cant . im use 4g network already . it happen after i update . pls fix it .
very hard to change delete account , tq .
it's ok .
it very very2 b .
thats good . so amaze simple apps .
otherwise amaze app . free call be superb .
i reinstall wechat about every single month . it crash about every single month , and if i need to use it , i need to reinstall or else the message won't be send to the user . at the same time the notification won't show the latest news too . fix this please .
wechat keep fail share moment with certain group instead it share with all your friend . please fix this bug .
i be wonder why the block button be no longer available for look around its quite irritate if someone that very disrespectful keep on send message . i would like to block him . plz help .
meet so many people use this app .
can not complete download .
the overall performance be decent , but sometimes the picture cannot be load properly . hope the future update will fix the problem .
ever since l download , it help a lot for me to chat with my gff . but never be update pls . take note about it . then maybe l will rate it 5 .
why can't use walkie talkie anymore .
this be not work at all . i don't receive , view , send n download massage after i update to this version .
i get lock out of my account and cant recover the password because i forget to set a backup email address . i've go through the security center and successfully submit a retrieval request but never get an sms with the retrieval code . i've submit request ticket to them ask to reset my password or recover my account but nobody have reply . please help .
i try to update new version many time but can download it . pls fix it , thank .
break image and cannot send my sight .
too difficult to backup all chat now . in some way , it be very effective , but create a backup of previous method such as the old version so as not to mislead consumer .
i love it .
to slow .
love me .
i love this app . but it have little bite problem . i cant install it i hope you can fix it . thank for the help .
this app be ok for me . not too good n not too bad .
love it .
truly hope you can have a version for galaxy gear s2 .
why , grenting from people nearby not show like always , erhh please laa .
i change bank and cannot add my new card because my name be write in a different order at the previous bank . try to delete the wallet with no success . my husband have the same phone but be successful .
i can't send a voice message why please fix please i need to send voice so please fix .
i love wechat . fantastic application , but i also use fake gps to find people around me . latest update do not let you use mock data from gps . this make the app totally useless for me .
why i cannot use a videocall the signal coverage be ok . and before i try to do group video call its ok but when i try again . i cannot use it . anymore pls . fix it .
it suck even more than usual .
very good .
how can i know my message read my friend or no read .
i update my phone yeaterday and instal we chat now i be not able to see the option of people nearby please fix it . bcoz it be the fun option for we chat .
have no issue even on android 6 . 0 .
shake suggestion be frustating . it suggest people who be far from my place . i try it almost 30 time but the suggestion be shitit either we cant understand each other or their from far place .
i hope they do an app for the tablet .
people nearby can not open , always load location , bad so bad .
i m not able to c myself in people nearby from my friend mobile .
why do the custom sticker only limit for 150 it should increase or unlimited it .
all message app go to improve level and we chat decrease there level wow . where be friend radar and where be look around function . disgust . waste of time guy .
i can't upload apps wechat .
this app cannot appear although i have uninstall and download it back so many time please help me .
cannot show the massage in the first time . must restart the phone . pls fix it and i'll give 5 star . thank .
please fix it immediately .
cannot see what frends post pic or video . long time load 3 .
i m love it this be awesome app .
hi , why be my device my maxi asus t00k be compatible with this app .
why my asus zenfone5 cannot download what happen .
i couldn't install in my asus zen 5 . it say that my zen5 isn't compatible with this version . pls fix this . tq . im use kit kat 4 . 4 . 2 .
hi , wechat . sorry to say this i find a lot of trouble since my last update for the newest version of this application . when open this app , it cannot run properly as before . cannot accept friend request and chat . now , it become useless , totally please fix it . otherwise , i should uninstall this app .
always stick when 88 . i can't download it .
image be not able to load in moment . pls fix this asap .
go wrong after last update , definitely can't open .
i like this up so much i've be a lot of experience after all . thank so much .
why i cannot download video it say this video be not longer anymore . what this mean .
its good .
i reinstall wechat about every single month . it crash about every single month , and if i need to use it , i need to reinstall or else the message won't be send to the user . at the same time the notification won't show the latest news too . so i take the decision to reinstall and after reinstall , the image all be unable to see . all be break even think i reinstall it many time . fix this please .
we chat .
so bad .
plz fix it .
please make wechat like whatsapp who can see a last see , bluetick , greytick and the person do read the massage . ermm i hope that m .
too many access to the phone and occupy lot of memory . everything else be fine .
it also stick at moon . many time i uninstall and install it's still stick at moon . please help me .
why be front camera not available for shoot sight i can't shoot with the back camera it's be like 9 month since i complain about it and still no response and now because of that be take back 2 star .
not work .
i be have a bad quality sight by use note 5 .
best app .
good app .
image be receivng in bad quality but the sender be send high quality photo also dont have auto download system .
hi dear , how can i downgrade my we chat vision i would more prefer the old vision one .
nothing notification , cant open peaple nearby .
we love the world .
great love get message from friend travel in china , japan , singapore its wonderful .
when i shake before i get a lothur fur people but now only one person in shake why what happen fix i want see more than 10 in shake and add new stuff like i want make my location in america i want meet american people not only mayleci .
please check into the matter .
please make an update with font size larger .
add pleass .
i like it .
why credit card isn't support and why debit card only china bank card only .
we chat .
i love it .
i love it .
i enjoy use wechat .
it's very good for communication . if you use that you connect with your friend easily .
this be goo way to conect friend . but my phone don't come wechat out option .
wtf app occupy memory up to 240m .
its very awesome .
the best social medium ever . it be so awesome . i want to say congrates to wechat .
why android cant use the only wiriting function and upload video in the moment . it's bite bothersome to upload some picture when i want to just write . wanna be fix it asap .
wechat the best you know .
reveal bluetick or see by people that we chat . improve and decorate design . i bore of wechat theme . thats it .
yeah . very nice app . and can add auto sight . i wan sight my self at dance . like break .
wechat , please fix your problem as soon as posibble , your app trouble so many user .
love it .
message show as unread after i read it .
please look into the matter . as right after update til now all image in wechat whether send or receive or even on the moment be all break image . besides , now i can't even send a voice message in chat . it cause worse experience . kindly fix it as soon as possible please . thank .
slow downlot , please help this downlot .
can anybody tell me how to take a sight use front camera please .
it be very helpful because we can talk video call chat .
love it .
i love this but when i download it be so slow . wish it be fast . please be fast like an torture god .
but it load the album very slowly and cause the phone very lag . sometime can't launch wechat .
why i cannot install wechat .
video load be too slow pls fix it .
error after i update , i cannot install my wechat . because he say wechat have compatible . why please help me . i need wc because i use for my work . please reply . asus user zenfone5 .
nice app .
otherwise amaze app . free call be superb .
properly work .
after update my sticker become blank please fix it . thx .
unable login with facebook account , please fix it .
i cant obtain my location info after update , this be bad . please fix it as soon as possible . the other feature be good .
hi , im unable to restore wechat apps afteri have accidentally delete it , pls advice how to recover it .
cannot post long sentence at moment content too long . but when my friend post the same thing , it be post succesfully .
love all the sticker , but hate that i have to remember to back up message as with sms .
its good and all but there be just one problem . everytime i use my wechat for like a couple minute , internet pop up and show me ads . to me , this be annoy if my browser keep pop up while use wechat . i hope this can be solve a . s . a . p but overall its good . just that slight problem i handle . i dont if its just me or what . thank you for the help in advance .
wechat out option be not available my app . how to available it .
brilliant free and easy to use .
i get problem when try use it in screen rotation . it stick in load and post moment . please take note . samsung tab s .
i have a complaint about tablet wechat video call be invert , that be weird because in smartphone no problem , my tablet be sony xperia z4 tablet .
its good .
after update i find that i be not able to make video call and audio call pls help me to fix it thank and if can solve this problem nicely i will rate 5 star thank .
why i can't to install this wechat .
why samsung galaxy v wechat dont have wechat out i want wechat out too . that so interest but im so sad cause i dont have wechat out my asus have the wechat out but why my samsung dont have .
my mobile be samsung e7 . why i be not able to use wechat out call service . place fix thank .
not receive any message and lose all my message . since last update . use a lg g2 .
nice app .
not bad lah . but be very good lah . what the matter lah .
my wechat can't . it just appareance a world image .
i'm unable to download this app . do u know why .
why i can't download this app . i need this app for now and ever to communicate with my couzins . please help .
i can't view emoji after i get the latest version . the emoji become other icon . pls fix .
i cant receive notification whenever my friend send me any message .
i have just install the wechat , but i want to login my account but it stick and always write unfortunely , wechat have stop , what's wrong , what can i do .
last time i can call wechat out call but now can't . why how i can call wechat out call .
simply bakwas .
best application .
why it take too long to open my wechat and it remain the same . please fix it on my samsung galaxy .
i try the people near me option and it say it cant locate me though i've change my setting a hundred time . it be also very lag .
it would be amaze if you could make it send throughout mobile bar service thingys .
my wechat have a problem .
when i open this app , it just show an earth and doesnt do anything , how stupid fix it pls .
not bad .
shake doesn't work . any solution for that .
great app . if get add feature such as message receive and your message have be read by the recipent i will definately go for a 5 star . be you look at such feature to be add .
i ain't get the verification code i've try it more than 30 time .
net work issue find plzz help . me what to do .
after update new version , people nearby feature cannot be use anymore even though i have enable this feature kind of sad can help .
shake feature doesn't work .
older version be much better i cannot hear the voice note repeatedly .
previous image no longer show in conversation , as unable to download image .
when i talk to the we chat team they wont answer my question when they say that if there's any problem they will reply but they dont .
after update . all picture cant view . just empty . white background for all pic . please check in out .
i be experience problem and report this more than a 10 time but no feedback frm team .
i wonder why my older video they be all silent even i raise my phone volume to max . and suggesstion , if i can upload video from my gallery , if i can send full video mp3 , if i can record more longer , if i can download video on moment , if . try add this . i'd appreciate that .
it can't open in my phone . please help .
why my app store take more time to download .
but i hope wechat can mark several contact , so it easier to delete people from my friendlist . lol .
do what it's suppose to .
no exit button .
my fren sight in discover . i cannot see , it's show grey colour only . pls fix it . i give you 5 star .
very nice .
i need to sign in but i get the answer that my number be invalid , what happen .
chat with friend .
message receive a lot later than they should be .
i have update wechat app but it's not show people nearby option . i have no clue how this happen . but my friend be have same version he be have people nearby option .
i like this app .
not respon after upgread . need old version .
when i open the videocall it display once then it would stop until u want to end the call . the video call doesnt move . pls fix it my concern .
beautiful , awesome and perfect .
im completely new with this app and im kind of confuse . i just awant to ask if i can still send sms to my friend even they be not member can i also use this app as a default message and what if i what tl delete my account , how will i do that plz , response . thank u .
it's ok .
i instal the wc after i reset my phone , but when i open it , all i see just blank and the wc be not respond . doesn't matter how long i wait , it cant be open and doesn't work anymore . im really disappoint with this . please i need a help .
odd function not good not competitive than what's app .
i be get all china people in people nearby when i be find for friend from india , mumbai . plz help me i want indian frnz .
iphone 7 not download 548 code error .
why i cant send a voice mail what happen we chat .
it would be better if there be an option to see mutual friend and online status of our friend . hope to get fix soon in next version . love it .
i can't see where to link bank card with account .
it always hang when i use it .
wechat usually stop no reason and then can not open anymore . i have to uninstall 3 time . every time install again , i lose all of my mess . i really hate it .
how i want to backup my massage before this i go to me set chat and select backup rastore chat history . what be chat log migration .
be careful if you make an account you will never be able to delete it . support wont answer after 20 email .
pls respond as soon as possible thank u . it keep say not compatible .
why stick before i uninstall wechat . my wechat can open after that . my wechat stick at the moon .
good but not bad .
i accidentally delete we chat . and when i install again i can't open . please help .
so la . just want to rate . not so good n not so bad .
my mobile be samsung e7 . why i be not able to use wechat out call service . place fix thank .
i love the moment and chat i love to check we chat id in there and i can check id artist too . i love wechat more kbai .
i love it .
ever since this app update i can't log in use picture recoginiton the picture dont load above the name and when it do work none of the picture that pop up be actually my friend it's probably show me the hundred of people in my wechat group that i don't even know that i be add to . when i try to log in with fb it say not available , when i try to retrieve my password by email it say i don't have an account but clearly when i type my phone number in it show up .
be currently use on galaxy tab to log in and chat . when use this phone , only the man and the moon show up but no option seem to appear on the screen . be it bcz of my outdated phone or be there a glitch have try to uninstall and install about 4 5 time bite still the same thing happen . great app though . please fix bcz this be my only way to communicate with . my friend .
i can't mention my friend anymore in moment since the last update , pls help me solve this problem .
there be no people nearby option available in this version .
so slow to download .
can not backup chat history .
no user friendly take too much for load .
cause it be very good .
now i have chat .
properly work .
love life improve .
wechat best .
i don , t like we chat because it need many internet to download it .
when i uninstall this app and install it again , the older message have be delete . why it happen .
thank , now it have material design , perfect .
althrough i turn on do not disturb for my andriod 6 . 0 , the wechat even make notification sound . i can but block it .
fix this more than 2 week now . i still cant login my account after update .
so best .
hello admin . would like to let you know i've lose all my sticker download and purchase . this have be the 3rd time i uninstall and re instal . it be so annoy when you have to download for few time . update to the latest version be not a problem solve .
i have app crash app restart when i want translate some language mostly chinese on chat or moment . fix ya .
please help me i want to delete my account .
i dont know if the messege be send or have be see . if you add that to wechat i'll gladly give 5 star .
i lose my acc . please do something . don't upgrde again .
wechat can make a lot of junkfiles in my phone , it will sloweing your phone . i think it be time for we chat to make a lite version for low end phone .
good but sometimes hang up .
not bad .
i love it because i can chat . and make a video call . and i didt need skype anymore for video call .
it's great .
be it possible to find my old contact i cant find them . please hel p me . thank you .
it would be nice if a message read button be a feature like kik . i just switch over from kik and i miss that feature .
love it .
it's great but it have one problem it's not catch my location because it's not allow me to go people nearby .
it need to have to update like it need a status option which show if the person be online or not .
please remove contact from both side when one of us unfriend or block each other . its kinda annoy for me to let them still be in my contact or friendlist .
good for everyone .
i can't meet indian people when i shake .
why i can't download this app .
waste of time when we be shake around people not show and still load again again no update version of wechat .
sometimes cant even open this app .
after 3 day of wait my wechat apps be up to date now , error pump up many time , i hope that it wont happen anymore . pls .
to good .
i cant use many interest emoji . im use go keyboard .
its fun here in wechat . we get to meet new friend .
it be some problem i hate it . now i just can open wechat but when i want enter the conversation , wechat will turn off automatically please let my wechat can open now . i want to reply many message , pls . sometimes , when i want to sight , but when i hold it , the green screen not appear . lastly , wechat will lag after use . thank you .
why photo upload will be blur .
my sight be very lag even i record it at a very bright place i face this problem after i have record few day , be the latest android cause it because i face this after i update it .
message get lose , the back button produce a page unlike the page expect , message might be send and might not who know , profile picture be not viewable unless you perform some mysterious random task . too complicate for the common rocket scientist .
i love it but i don't have many friend .
why after install again at discover only moment and set can't open .
i want wechat out but i can't find .
it's ok but it's really lagg with my phone . so i will buy a new phone and rate it 5 .
i like wechat .
my first voice message be ok . the voice loud and clear . but after the second voice , the voice be very low . friend send over to me be fine . the only problem be when i send it out . be there any set i can do or there be bug im use galaxy tab 4 . thank .
i can't get it to work . it say i have a ban account .
so good .
i have lose my account . my sister use my phone to open his account but when i want to go back and he just say my account password or account erro when id and password correctly . i've check properly . but it still can not want to go . i really , ask . how can i get my account back .
sometimes legging . please fix this problem .
its not work .
i like this application because it's connect us with the society . but after the latest update , we cannot block anyone from people near by who harass us . that's suck should be we have right for not connect with someone not suppose to be .
multifuction connect people .
good to connect people . but ain't as good as whatsapp .
i cant change my profile photo and everytime i try to change it say wechat not respond . fix it .
i'm use sony xperia z , after uptade doesn't work people nearby help me .
i can't figure it .
when i use shake . it show only china and middle east . i be in north america . can you figure it out .
there be function in wechat that rain emojies but not like iphones please make it like iphone . i be a wechat and android lover please do this for me please .
good app .
i love wechat app .
my asus zen 6 after update cant install the wechat application due to device isnt compatible the version .
but i need to record voice message without press the key .
i want to give 5 star . but back then , there a problem while use the shake feature . after use it , it wont work for sudden . would you guy please help me .
please reduce the size of the app . 30 mb it be to much . please reduce .
how to delete my old account and make new account huhu .
i'm have problem to open my wechat .
i be not able to find my location . only show some particular city .
why they say that my wechat version be compromise .
this be terrible .
very easy to use .
why i cannot see my friend update moment i will give you 5 if you can fix this .
after the latest update , i cannot open wechat although i have wait for ten hour , still can t open it , reply asap .
i cant open it because it keep to be in the moon picture . i dont know how it suppose to be open .
love it .
its good .
work well and quick with efficiency , can connect a person to all their peer in all form .
this apps use so much space and i don't like it . seriously when i update all my chat go . huh .
it be helpfully .
it always become black and hang when i want to open wechat app .
nice app .
please add last see function . and message deliver too .
i wonder why all my pic when i'm post be not clear .
but how we know that who be online .
nice and good .
screen turn green when record sight and video call . please fix it as asap .
love it .
i dont know anything about wechat . but my friend invite me to install wechat . i try it . its really great app . thank wechat .
can some one tell me how to soft this problem i accidentally touch the wallet lucky money hong bao which mean for others in a group chat . now i want to return the rmb200 , into the group , but you wechat not allow , ask me to top up the card , i have no intention to use wechat wallet , why should i be force to top up you be to much .
after update my sticker become . blank please fix it . thx .
very misbehavthe app don't download .
this be aplication very help for comunication .
i cant install it again after uninstall 6 day , hope you will help me , im do follow ur step .
i be use lg l90 the problem be it hang lot , nearby people be not work and when i make video call it hang or sometime it do not work . a stupid one . what to do i love we chat mwahh .
why into profile can easy to see whats up pls update it .
i love this app because i can connect with my friend . family and more . thank wechat .
i cant open the app which be sad .
can not send and receive voice , text be ok . just voice ita not work , just update wechat , all my contact lose after update . pls fix it .
this be a great app . it be mix of skype instagram and whatsapp . it would help if you know when a person be type like in whatsapp and also when they read your message also like whatsapp , but overall this app be fantastic .
u should upgrade more than whatsapp .
i need search nearest friend .
i like the new update .
include some more feature like last see , whether the person be online , whether the person be type or not .
i can't write mine name with emoji .
i cant watch sight since i update my wechat .
the app can't load moment after two week like that . please do something .
after update i can't use people nearby . help me .
love it .
hye , i very in love with wechat , but i only hope for the new version you make wechat id can change for the second time , pls .
thank for we chat .
can u guy please make a update for my version i really want the new feature where u can video call in a group .
i can't see any profile picture of my wechat friend , for few day's i'm face this problem .
why can't download again and again .
i like .
it's good to people to use it .
xperia z1 can't open app after latest update . please do something about this . thank .
its always jump out to my homepage when i open why be this happen can u tell me the solution .
i like this app voice call an video call so better then i m love it .
why backup chat history to the cloud if i format my phone i will lose all chat history in my phone . pls fix .
why i can't open my wechat acc since update . help me please . i need my wechat back .
hey its not download wat should i do .
please repair the quality when we post the picture on the moment . please , you know how hard to edit picture to look terrific thank wechat .
the only two thing that bother me be it clear all chat if u log in again and guy keep send me greet which freak me out cause its like they haunt me but other than that its ok .
wonderful app .
colould be better with some extra feature .
i'm have a problem when i want to post a photo . i'm try to open photo to choose it from gallery but it can't open .
hi can i receive money through fund transfer use wechat wallet my friend be a chinese and want to transfer fund . i'm in philippine . i wonder how can i get the money .
hi team , i m not gettig an option of peaople near me though its an update version . my friend have that option . can anyone help me out .
be one of the best .
how to use pc loptop anyone help me .
it's great . you can talk with your friend or your family . or have fun . you can play with them . or if you have any problem you can ask them . good luck bye .
cant download .
how we want to know who be the admin of the group .
the size be get bigger . please make the size smaller . my internal storage be 170 180mb only .
love this app .
after instal and open the app , it hang up on my phone and i cant create an account .
like it .
after 1 day of use app . they ban me because they i think i be use an unauthorised version of their app . it be download from google play . do google have unauthorised wechat app .
wechat be actually much better than whatsapp , especially in term of privacy issue and relatively more stable . unfortunately , their market team couldn't promote wechat better somehow .
help me . i'm use asus zenfone 5 16gb memory 2gbram android 4 . 4 . 2 i can't install wechat because be not compatible with my phone .
i love wechat . i have no problem with the service . one thing i'd like you to change be the icon , can you make it more like a material design the space , margin or what you call that , and btw the shadow as well .
do i can video chat . if i don't have front camera .
i want to change the message bubble color .
every app that someone have own account should be able to delete your own .
good chat .
quickly uninstalled . get to invite all your contact to make call get real .
i wanna know that my video call be record by wechat . its safe .
pls make it able to copy instead of put in favorite copy from there the font still small after enlarge if i make to my view others app font will become giant font .
after last update , can't find location for nearby people and without this trait , it's useless help pls .
i can't even get a verification code even after so many try .
this app be so stupid it doesn't even work don't waste your time any one to download this app .
great look forward to experiment .
nice app .
i be have problem after update i can't hear any audio message i recieve .
i see my friend wechat use than ialso now use but something be deferent but why i dont no . he have wechat out but my phone no have but why . my friend talk to me this be very good but now i think very bad can u give me wechat out this opshon i give u 5 star please solv my provlem please .
can u tell me how can i change my profile pic .
for no reason i give you 5 star . please give me some present .
no word to say .
after the latest update . i be still have the same problem . green screen when record sight and video call . please fix it asap because wechat be my primary chat tool .
i do more like if you can make delete wechat account . because of people will be forget or wanna have a new one .
i like .
hard to retrieve password . can't open my account .
i love wechat so muchh .
alessio how be you do it install love adriano .
i love you .
cant open the app i use zenfone 5 . it keep say the app have stop .
not bad .
coz i download it but still can't use it coz it doesn't load and can't log in at all .
and also good .
my wechat will instantly close whenever i open it on my asus fonepad , please help .
im really like it . it really advance and unic system chat .
sudden stop . really it's a disgust app .
this app use too much battery life on galaxy s 6 .
best thing about wechat be search option in vicinity and after update thats go .
the app work great but the password set doesn't work . i've send several request with no response .
i like it .
i love this so much .
auto stop and jump back to home screen can i get some help .
love it but still not 100 .
i want to delete my account but there's no way . poor app .
love it .
for those who be hesitate to install this apps just install it this be a great apps to contact with your friend . you gonna love it .
keep up the good work m8 .
i can't install it on my phone help me please .
i have try update to 4 . 2 , but it can not be run . i have to install previous version from apk4fun that i do not trust .
gr . why i can't open my wechat acc since update . help me please . i need it immedietely . tq .
hello wechat team . i have be try to download this app since last week but it just can't download . i don't understand why , it always say error code 492 . please help .
why i can't see their likers lol , u must improve this wechat . ok bebal .
i love this apps . but why it can't detect my memory card .
im use asus zenphone5 and its not compatible with my devicedevice . please fix this .
nice one .
wow wechat be the best but super best .
plz do something . my all . msg be go . now what i can do .
it would be much better if you put that option of see messege so we could know if the reader get it or not or have he see our messegs or didn't otherwise its awesome .
can't download it .
amaze way to keep it touch with friend and family .
can't send and receive picture .
hi would like to give 5 star if we can share video on moment , and also can apply sticker on our comment .
i love it .
really dope .
the app size be vry big . that's why my phone be run slow after download this app .
i can't open my wechat account since update .
my friend give me a message and i only receive the message 20 minute or more after my friend send .
this be the message app that i use to talk for the very special person to me .
if i can marry to my girlfriend forever with the help of wechat , i will be very thankfully .
great app .
love wechat so much .
a man with respect .
this app can communication all my fl .
hey wechat u say u update to latest version but what why just wanna see people whats'up its so hard lazy to click more than one time from people profile . wechat if u still don't want install back i'm go to uninstall it soon .
my wechat be update and the new one be just pathetic . i can't even block invite . i have people add me with their penis as a picture and i can't even block them .
best application ever .
wechat be an awesome app .
i've lose all of my message and contact since i update the wechat . please help me , it be impossible for me to collect all of my friend contact again . i will give you five star if you fix this problem .
the first time i get this app i love it so much it be awsome and i tell everyone so . then they restrict my account for no reason and no explanation . i just buy a brand new phone yesterday and build a new account , i spend 600 and i be not on an hour and they do it again .
when shoot a sight .
nice app .
please translate wallet section . so we can use it . now i can do only mobile top up . others be in chinese .
its the best .
it's be good .
hat it .
i'm allow to be able to talk to my friend all day now this be a great app .
its a good app but why we can't add or call to the person we discover in shake the phone .
notification sound play even when do not disturb be on .
it's like skype , fb messenger , venmo , etc . it can do all those thing and more . i wish it would take off in america .
i have wechat money 50 how can i recharge .
one time only .
after my device asus zenfone 5 factory reset and can't install back wechat and show that your device isn't compatible with this version before factory reset can install but after factory reset can't .
new version not so good .
don 3 .
i cant download it . it keep tell my memory be full but my memory phone isn't full yet hate this . break my heart .
after reset my phone unable to sign . i try recover password . try login via sms . try sign in id . try mobile number . everything success . but after sign in security verification again request . for verification even uninstsll . clean phone . again install . but problem same . i can give 5 star for use , but the security method very bad so 1 star be the any solution . i can not change phone number becouse it official use for delete account for stop the security verification please if anyone kno .
i think wechat can separate group chat and personal chat like messager .
i be use samsung s2 , install the latest verson of wechat , i want to use wechat out call , but i don't get the option wechat out , kindly help me how i geeting it ,
while chat with any of my friend i can get his msg but when i send any msg to him it can't be send and turn to unsent msg and an automatic reply appear that this person don't accept my friendship request .
i absolutely love it , the best app for communication between friend and family .
need to make a message see feature . then i would give you 4 star .
get much slower to load especially for picture .
need contact send option like whatapp .
can u please add a feature like search from the world not only people nearby .
i love it very much .
love it . its nyz .
love it .
please add the follow show if the contact be online or offline . message send and see option .
the best app .
love the performance nd clearty on voice nd video .
please , fix the cloud migration thing . or just bring back the old style backup and restore process . the new chat migration be a bite complicate . even though it be state that you can transfer your chat message to your other device , when you press back , you can't find the enable chat log migration in me general portion of the setting . get irritate . pls fix asap .
need to upgrade community feature .
annoy . im try to login . but why i cant login . he say try in 24 hour . for whatt hurm
flaw play notification medium even though the device be in priority mode . make me embarrass during the meet .
amaze app .
its good .
i have click the option mark as unread , when i be delayeing my coversations with a friend , now how can i get my meseges from my friend i need a help .
best app .
the worst offer this month . give offer of paytm freecharge oxigen . otherwise no use of this app . why to use it without good offer why not whatsapp .
im happy .
so fun to use and so .
waste of time . don't have much user . can't find friend in here .
best app ever .
i can't migrate to the other phone because my other device cannot read the barcode .
we chat out .
i'm temporarily uninstalling wechat for one particular reason , it consume too much power . i have an lg g3 and if it wasnt for the 3 , 0mah battery , i probably would have not notice it if i didnt check the battery use history . it be eat up to 25 of my precious mobile battery . please fix this critical issue . im run kitkat by the way . i love this app better than the competition . thank .
i never receive my verification code .
the best application .
sometimes it show dat msg undelivered u r not wechat frnds . but d other person can send me msg . i don't know why it happen from last couple of day but it really so much irritate . pls do some remedy abt it . thank .
its awsm .
jefery king of the wood .
not good .
good to use .
my app suddently cannot open please fix it .
so good .
love it come much . can make search botol no stop .
because i cant anymore backup chat . i not move into new phone . i just change my rom and i need to backup chat but cant anymore . so pls give me the option to backup chat .
not work suddenly . keep crush with other apps .
this app be very amaze . i love it .
nice her .
it happen so sudden , now i can't see any of my frnds pic moment . pls fix it .
they have not declare till now the winner of iphone from october month .
i love it .
i can't play the audio .
since i instal the update , wechat isn't work anymore .
please let us change our wechat id for the second time .
why after update to the latest version , no button for capture sight .
i m face problem in upload profile pic and can't see others , and also can't send and receive any pic and video , i have write 3times bt no any solution i have get , should i uninstall this app or get any solution .
please fix shake please . it show people who be very far away .
kind of cool app . thank .
how to create my own location .
forget about the ui , there's no way you would change the tab to the top . now you kill the switch tab function and , why haven't you use the direct share api yet look at telegram and whatsapp if you wanna grow your share overseas , do sth .
not respon after upgread .
i don't receive any call .
i wish wechat have self destruct chat . its mode fun that way like others chat apps .
app not work .
we chat be bore .
after reset my phone unable to sign . i try recover password . try login via sms . try sign in id . try mobile number . everything success . but after sign in security verification again request . for verification even uninstsll . clean phone . again install . but problem same . i can give 5 star for use , but the security method very bad so 1 star be the any solution . i can not change phone number becouse it official use for delete account for stop the security verification please if anyone know solution .
try to put funny sticker .
every time i enter my phone number its not work stupid app don't waste your time on it because it's to stupid .
its too hard to install this app .
dont make last see and chat read or not like your rival whatsapp . thats annoy for me .
fun to have it .
wechat out very good please ingress time .
sivaji sivaji08 .
wechat be good application i like .
this be pretty stupid . how do this make any sense why do i need a phone to have an app on my tablet and if you use a number that belong to someone else that be already register , it link to their account . this defeat the purpose of it self . why wouldn't one just go get a phone and use that instead of your app that require a phone .
why i cant open my acc since last update .
i'm tell this be the app in china and part of the eu . i wish more people in the usa would use it . great app .
best way to we chat .
cannot delete moment . my phone get slow and slow . even network be good . ,
it take a whole lot of time to access some feature . make it a little bore . but aside that . it be quit very addictuve .
nice chart .
love app .
too good .
the first ever version of wechat be great , compare to it's update hop to fix issue . , whenever i click people nearby its not load or search .
sudden stop .
wont even download .
couldn't download it , it say error download .
please do an update . with more change .
love it wechat the best application in this world .
they don't support cancelation . i have it a few sec to see if friend have it and after i want to delete it .
even after the update the issue be not resolve . network automatically shift to 3g frm wifi when use shake feature .
love it .
hell what the fack be wrong wit your system i cant even send my feedback , i've quite some issue i would like to address . where in this green motherfacking earth be ou response team .
server o lu .
i love this my gf connect with me .
jai shree salasar balaji .
generally speak this be a great chat application with a lot of feature and function . that be say the newest update have destroy the people nearby function . you can't respond to greet properply and you have to search for people before you can even see greet you already recieved . just bad design there .
can't open it .
same again even now . fix it dosent even let me login same problem again and again . you be loose your base tencent .
new vision wechat use too much space on my memory . i still can't see other guy picture on moment even my storage be clear and not full . hope you fix this problem .
my daughter love this .
splendid experience .
fix pls i no other device to migrate .
yes it be .
someone use my no . cannot reset . f . u . c . k this application .
f h jd db .
im use zenfone 2 laser ze550kl . everytime i sight , the camera quality flick . the sight quality show strip . when i use the phone camera itself , it do not flick . i have set the right anti flick frequency to 50hz . i think this app need to comply with the original camera apps .
i be yet to make call with it , keep tell me the contact i have be not my wechat friend and that i do not understand .
wechat give me a good life thank .
later update . can make any youtube video can share on moment . hihi .
1 we need last see feature and message read or not feature . just like your rival whatsapp . 2 we should be able to update our status by voice as a voice status . innovative feature . 3 we should be able to send a voice note to people who appear in people near by . if you give us these feature then no doubt you will make handsome money .
notification not reach if i do not in wechat .
its a great app .
no use .
awesome app .
problem login error , late message . etc .
i try to install it but it cant .
login error make it a worst app otherwise the feature provide make it a great app to be rely upon .
love it .
very good app .
please fix this .
green screen when record sight or video call .
love it .
nice and good .
more some new feature should be add as see a person last see add this feature plzz update twice in a month .
good social medium , easy for communication but still 50 out of 100 . 100 for add ons see every message . also add unfriend button . that be better . thank you .
my we chat be not open it'd just keep load .
wow so nice and good to meet others friend .
we can't see who be online . can't see who be type in group chat . can't see who have see our message in group chat .
i can spend all my time with this super and awesome app this be my favourite app ever .
sir , why i can't talk on video call . my friend tell me we can talk in video call .
the best application .
i hate wechat . very slow .
usha singh rathour .
stick in the first screen itself be use samsung galaxy pocket .
i do not know what be the real problem be , but frequently on this month , the app keep miss the emoticon sticker that i already download . it so frustrate as i have to uninstall the app , install it again and download the sticker again . hope u guy can fix the app set or anything that relate to it . btw , it be more fun than whatsapp . keep it up guy . update cannot install wechat at all . even try download it use apk file . still no use . hope u guy can make it work especially on asus android . so frustrate .
this one give much better privacy than whats app .
after i update icant open , i have unistalled and instal many time still cannot open would u fix it .
should display contac number , for exist contact , and for stranger add , should have option to request for contact number , with option to grant by the stranger .
very nice and awesomely make this app .
cant use it at all .
help me please i can't download this app 88 , she stop .
miss chat history back up option now . it let me transfer history between device through the wifi or restore the history that i have previously upload to the cloud but won't give me the option of upload new version of the chat history to the cloud . be there a reason why have the function be remove no conplaint other than this i've be use wechat for year and always like it .
nice app .
sometimes i cant send pic on chatbox cant upload pic on moment . i also cant share my location . fix it its get annoy and i be totally uninstalling this app .
can't use shake feature . say no result find .
please fix it always hang and stick at the apps .
why it stop find people after sometimes while it be already update .
increase the quality of picture . really hat it when all my picture pixelated also improve the way to change default picture . really suck .
try and download but not be able to use .
i open the app and it say that my account have be ban and i need to recover it . what the hell be that .
the add be the best .
dislike the new version . the old version be better than the new version . i hate it so much . i can't to video call with others .
nothing to say and the system be teribble . why i can't open the we chat in my tab fix it .
i love it this be so much be we chat .
ability to translate be very good but not as user friendly as whatsapp .
i create new account , i want to delete my old account permanently , but there's no button for delete account , and i even try to email to wechat support to delete my old wechat still no reply hate it please fix it , provide a delete account menu please i want a delete button pls .
virating sound on the other end when i be on earphone .
its ok .
i want to change my id , cos'my id be typo . please give me chance . please . just once like clash of clan .
too noisy , can't block people from the group , so i have to leave the group .
goodbye facebook .
the best .
wechat unstalling .
the newest version cannot backup old msg to the cloud . it force user use another phone to migrate msg to back up all the thing . it insult to our intelligence .
i suggest to you to change wechat favourite system . when you favourite someone moment , it show in numerical form , for example , facebook or twitter . there you will know how much people like your status or number of comment , . i want a new answer because this be a new question .
after update my wechat app . wechatout feature be not display . please put it back . that be the best feature by wechat .
the different one .
i hate bcuz it make me feel so annoy to be use .
but i love this ap .
i have face the problem about wechat sight . it could not be play when i play wechat sight .
nice app .
wechat app lose all the sudden . and can't install it back . and the step dosen't help at all .
i think its one of the best chat n call app in all apps .
please fix or make an option for user to delete or deactive their account on wechat .
i can't log in my account wechat after be instal , the application not show up button log in or sign in . , for a long day be try for log in . please help me ,
im use sony xperia x8 , i can't even log in . i have a wechat account on my old phone but my phone be crash . i really like wechat please help me .
ah yeah i do have a suggestion , how about make chat log backup and restore as easy as before the qr code method do not work , thank you .
people near by do not show .
i can not send gif image . i be use micromax unique . be it a handset problem . because i can forward gif but can not send new from my phone .
i like this app .
try to fix my problem . wechat doesn't support any country sticker from whatsapp messenger . for example i , i , i .
i have a galaxy note 2 but be not a show near by people .
i can't open this app after update the latest version . please help me .
keep load , can't play it .
i be try to activate an account on my new number , but its show this error of invalid phone number . need help .
please mke the instal process quick please .
i be upgrde a latest version to get a video call in group chat , but i dont get it . i use smsung s advande . pls fix it , i need it . i must get that .
uninstal app in next few day if .
excellent app i love it but if u can do same version but lite like we chat lite . however keep go nice work .
i like it .
why my people not work .
sight and photo be mostly error to load . but the bug on sight feuture be mostly problem than bug on photo . please fix this .
after press the waze link share by my friend , the wechat build in browser wont load and link to mine waze apps .
after update the new version . i can't see or open sight . fix this . or i kill you . lol .
video load be extremely slow it waste a lot of my time pls fix it thx .
chat app .
my wechat only show earth picture . i cant log in . please help me asap .
i be really hop for you to enhance the app service and if possible , please allow us to clean the wechat storage nor history not only for 3 month ago . thank .
i accidently logout and when im try to login back it just load and keep load . pls fix it . thankyou .
take too much space make a mini version with all feature .
i can't watch my sight . i use wifi but i can't watch my sight . this be sparta .
very nice .
just great . what ever u need u will find here .
what's wrong can't log in to wechat connection error , log error always .
when i want to post moment , i dont have the emoticon like the other .
sight cannot play .
connection be fine , wechat be the problem .
i instal wechat in my htc e9 but people nearby be not there .
out of all the chat apps i have try this have to be the most confuse . no clue have to what any of the setting do or change . oh and you still can't delete your account .
can't experience all feature while bluetooth tether example people nearby cant load . please fix .
so what i have to do t my sister think i can help her .
very good .
nak download we chat .
keep display guy on the moon and see the earth .
really nice app , make my day easy .
nice application .
i just wish the text bar would be as she as the android watch wan .
why everytime after update . the people nearby will automatic search be annoy .
smart app .
it get me to translate like 8 and 9 time . pls fix this .
please fix it .
i be already install this app but then i uninstall it . then i install it again . but i cannot login after that . please help me .
this app be very user friendly and the design be good . so far i use i never encounter any bug or problem on my samsung galaxy s3 , recommend to everyone .
waste of time . don't have much user . can't find friend in here .
we chat .
good app .
i use to be able to use wechat on my asus zenfone 5 , but now i cannot use it anymore what happen .
i already uninstalled other apps so i can download this apps but it also can't download even i have 9gb .
wtf where be the option of draft bottle please add the optin of draft bottle .
thank you because i can communicate to my love one easier and faster now .
better don't download this dirty app . i follow their instruction but i get no money from their app .
i tell you to fix it but you're do nothing you always give me stupid link at first , i think it be my phone problem then i know that it be not it be wechat problem it wouldn't stop say that this app be stop keep install and uninstall but it still the same . i like the older version more than this bullshit update .
not bad .
fantastic app .
consume high amount of ram .
but can you make it more colorful and more attractive in the next update .
be very good 4 vdo call .
we chat .
how do i do the backup after upgrade to 6 . 3 . 5 .
can not see status who be online or of offline .
its ok .
popular for chinese when you search ppl near you , you see 99 . 9 chinese ugly chick .
one and only oje reason why i use this app be because i always get free talktime .
this application always store all data in internal memory . it's always store data in internal memory more than 1 gb . some time very slow , not respond or unable to send message .
so cool .
get free talktime offer and much more .
any language , google translate this apps inside .
i love it .
after i'm clear data on my wechat , my sd card be break and cant be use anymore . i'm feel very suck of this .
fun with the world .
very fast to enjoy .
i don't understand what's wrong with this app . i keep try to sign up but it keep tell me error all the time .
always server access failure . why and i have suggestion please add feature for moment like post our own video from the gallery not just sigh . and please let us pause play video that download from chat . please .
just look at all the complaint and blabers in the chatbox just confirm how bad wechat have become . try it once , update it once and didnt like it . darn pesky app , wouldnt recommend it to anyone .
there a lot of pervertive people on here , so i end up delete the app .
the best app ever .
the login completely ruin it . i mean , i see the login expire , so i do it again . but then , for my phone , it say it's incorrect . so i try again , then it say too many operation . wtf everything's wrong with the login , i would tell u more but it's too much . chat be great though .
but how can you log on if you have no we chat password and your firstime to test the we chat .
it's great .
its teling me this isnt a legal copy of wechat . be it some kind of scam .
i love this app but it need to be smooth and fast to use so plz work on it .
love it .
this app be very awesome and i love it so much .
love it .
this be really good but how do i delete alot of friend altogether .
how to deactivate i already have 3 wechat account .
but u should be careful .
thank for give suggestion .
where be the block feature .
y not .
the app stop work after i update it . please fix it .
its the best aaps to meet the nearest people .
it's suck .
lower the mb pls .
after update to new version totally can't open , please fix it asap .
i hope wechat also will have last see same as whatsapp .
i like it .
good app .
g da be at .
love it .
all the sight still work move . but when i tap it to get the voice , it stop and say error . please fix this and i'll rate 5 star afterall .
lately there be a delay when receive message .
i cannot log in my wechat account even i reinstall it many time . do something .
i wonder why my older video they be all silent even i raise my phone volume to max . and suggesstion , if i can upload video from my gallery , if i can send full video mp3 , if i can record more longer , if i can download video on moment , if . try add this . i'd appreciate that .
love it .
not bad .
all good .
i be very disappoint wid it . and also irritate wid it . coz after update it dere be no any solution to block some1 . people be directly mssgng me in it . some time its offencive , some tme it spam , some tme its very dirty . i'll gve it only half star .
kid me even when i keep install and uninstall , it still the same hat it the link be no use at all ,
i'd know i cant log in my acc , then i uninstall this app . i'ii try to reinstall but can't . i need my wechat back .
i love it .
i dont no la .
lot of complain from every where for new version . but don't see it as a negative . take it as an inspiration for higher standard of we chat app go fight i love you guy .
i love it .
it be give less or no balance to recharge mobile . it be worse thing .
i can't find the friend by shake . when i be try to find friend it show's result not find . try again later please fix it .
be good .
why i can't even open my wechat apps .
i love this app but i have to reinstall the app everytime i switch off because i loose all the pic etc .
love you .
love it .
i already install but i cant log in my account . please someone help me urgg h .
i create new account , i want to delete my old account permanently , but there's no button for delete account , and i even try to email to wechat support to delete my old wechat still no reply hate it please fix it , provide a delete account menu please .
wechat cannot install . why .
when i check for update i find a new version 6 . 3 . 5 , but in play store it's not available . wtf .
still claim to have million of active user .
great to have your connection ok .
im tryin to update my wechat to mention people in my text but it doesn't work , help me please .
i can't login wechat , please help me to login . thank .
i cant receive any msg unless i open the app first , then need out of the app and opn nack to receivethe new msg come in . only me here have problem with this help me please .
i recently change my phone to asus zenfone2 and i can't find walkie talkie option please help .
when i clear data my wechat i be try to log in back but it always force stop and i cant log in my wechat back . it also take so much space in my phone . tbh , ill give it 5 star if you could give us back the older version . fix it pls . tq .
easy to use .
i promise that my little suburb of kansa city isn't all chinese . if your app be accurate , it's good at find only the asian in my neighborhood . which would be totally cool if they speak english or i speak mandarin , korean , vietnamese , etc . but i don't . sol . go back into the app later . now unable to get location data . uninstall .
nice application .
wish message be store server side . drain battery even though i haven't touch it all day .
please enable the cloud back up because sometimes phone might format , and they be many important chat history in our we chat , please solve it as fast as soon .
i cant save the emotion . please fix it .
nice application , need to improve your search skill .
i love it .
poor app .
just download can't comment too much about right now .
i like this .
dear wechat , pls add last see or read feature to wechat so that we can at least knw the person we be texting have read the message or not pls add it will be great to experience we chat with these feature like insta direct we knw the text have be read nd all so pls do add wait for the update . really amaze social platform but some feature be important nd be miss pls do look . in this .
suddenly my shake result not find or its not solve .
not good for old phone whatsapp be way better .
i love this .
for your chance .
it's awesome .
problem with video call . it's lag . sometimes i cant see other face .
cant install this app . help me anybdy .
quite good .
why cant i access nearby people and shake use wifi but when i switch to mobile data those two feature seem to be work fine .
ilike it .
love it .
thank for update this app , good and enjoy use wechat for all . thank you google .
okay but we have a problem .
i with use the app .
we chat very good aap n net call carelly .
don't bother contact customer service they don't bother responsing back .
i don't know when the last see .
i cant post picture and moment . please fix it and i rate it 5 star . thank you .
i love it , thank u for this .
very nice to use and easy too .
i cant open my account . it be stop at the earth symbol . please tell me how to get log in .
there be one problem . my gps be on but i cannot detect those people nearby me . please try to fix this .
wechat out not respond , pls help me .
please bring back old version of view people nearby . and please allow contact block , esp block people nearby .
i can't send a message to my friend even i add them here in wechat .
its use a lot of space .
i be use samsung s3 , instal the latest version of we chat but i don't get the people near by option kindly help me i get it .
it be very good .
everything be ok to me . just one thing about the image quality . after upload any picture , it show low quality . i mean it's blur . i know it's save our data , but when it come to picture , i concern about the quality . you can make set option whether to upload download picture in various quality . it's ok if it take a lot space because that's why there's cleaner apps in play store tho . btw . thank i still give 5 star .
why a message come in it didn't notify me even if i on the message alert . please fix .
i hate this app bcoz this be not download my mobile .
just now . i restart my phone and then wechat have stop omfg i try to install this app many time and it still dont work .
the new update just make location data for people nearby wont upload anymore even with the location setting on my phone be check .
great in general , but lately server access failure when connect to vpn . thats new and , quite frankly , that suck .
more power .
love it .
it keep tell me that this app be stop . hate this . will change to 5 star if your fix it .
in my wechat the feature like friend in radar and people nearby not show , please fix this problem .
why i cannt see my sight moment , every time i open it say can't play this video , wat be the problem help me .
the new version be very bad it's drain my phone battery .
why i cannot download wechat fix it .
wechat do not have a forgiveness design which be delete the account feature . what if someone die but the account be still exist . wt .
my say i add her but can not add her add erro .
great app .
at present wechat be work perfect .
always not respond and force close .
love it .
there's no way to delete my account . i just uninstalled the app . be on for five minute and get two dick picture and five invitation to have sex . be nice if you can filter per country .
please . i add somebody but can'tsend message .
the new update doesn't enable you to see the greet once you've add or accept anyone . if you want to see greet after add someone you must go back into people nearby . please re evaluate that specific change .
the best app .
i have to go to people nearby just to look at the greet wtf . seriously i like the old 6 . 0 version .
so nice its coll app .
always connection error even we have a good connection .
best for chat no good for call .
after i download it , i cant log in .
it provide alternative way of communicate with friend and love one .
what an great sirji .
now go to bad . so care full . now find number very difficult .
very good .
non existent customer service , unable to delete account and who know what they do w your personal data .
i hate this it have login problem and it be so difficult .
i be able to see and talk with my grandaughter in la . i live in tampa florida .
i can't open the moment urgh .
dont know why some message be not show up . when there be new message there be no notification .
don't miss this app .
love it .
i love it .
so far so good .
cool app . consider the number of people use it worldwide . this one make facebook feel like a toddler .
dear wechat , pls add last see or read feature to wechat so that we can at least knw the person we be texting have read the message or not pls add it will be great to experience we chat with these feature like insta direct we knw the text have be read nd all so pls do add wait for the update . really amaze social platform but some feature be important nd be miss pls do look . in this .
good app .
really a great app to have ,
since it have be download , it doesn't connect and give server error , fix it else i will uninstall it asap . mtchew .
can please update the wechat for the moment feature the pixel of photo which post on moment be totally bad and when i download from moment , they be blur . please upgrade it . thank .
i love this its very useful for chat to friend and call them recommend .
what be wrong with wechat since yesterday my wechat moment won't refresh and message couldn't send out but it only happen in midnight . be this a server problem my connection be fine i can connect to facebook though .
app suck i don't know the nickname of all the people in my contact list . so you need to display their number and give name as well . and i haven't receive one single reply from the few people to whom i send message . since the app come preloaded with my phone , i can't even uninstall it . also this stupid app say i be in my address book and i have to greet me .
i cnt download this app .
every time i try to login , it show verification error . please try to fix this .
can down grade the version i dislike this new version .
i'm struggle to install this app on my phone .
can't experience all feature while bluetooth tether with other device . please fix .
nice , good , and the best .
love it work pretty good .
wechat in video call .
this isba great app . it be mix of skype instagram and whatsapp . it would help if you know when a person be type like in whatsapp and also when they read your message also like whatsapp , but overall this app be fantastic .
we need to see the last see of friend . put the option plz . everyone will need it . then we will love it .
nice app .
can connect to everyone .
force close .
i don't like it's new version . in old version when i shake i get so many people show on my wall . but now i get only one chinese person . i want list of indian person who be shake not one person . i want that old version that be amaze . i give you 5 star if i get list of people on shake just like previous version .
i really cannot access wechat after this update . i uninstall the wechat than could not re install back to my phone . please help me . tq .
once i update , wechat just not work anymore . it always stick at the people moon image .
very easy to use .
why i cannot update a moment , i want to press send but it didn't send .
best app , easy to chat or make video call .
very good .
my wechat cannot open . please fix it .
i love it .
awesome . but why i can open it .
go i open it nothin happen then i just wait and wait and wait for a 20 minute but still nothing happen what just can i see be only the picture .
fix this i cant use my account for a week .
my number be not recognize anymore .
i've be tryin to open this app after download the new update but after update i become worst i cannot open the app now . dev do something with your update .
instead of make thing better they keep add more and more useless in app purchase content .
always write unfortunately stop .
its ok for chat .
thanx for this apps .
it be very wrong these time fantastic we reward november especially free recharge not give and we reward october disable it be very strange it be gain by my effort these time i be disappoint with we chat .
i like it .
balance didnt redeem . fool us mc bc .
dont lyk dis app it wont give us talktime balance all fake .
its awesome . chat experience .
why can't call outgo from wechat out please solve this problem for us . thank .
video call .
i try almost everytime to download wechat and reboot and everything but it say error 24 . it be so frustrate . i hope to hear the solution from you as soon as possible .
awesome mode of communication .
in come the month november the wechat reward be very bad offer and not relate recharge apps . please change your reward offer and include recharge app offer . this be the request for me and load of people in the state .
why wechat can't install say your device isn't compatible with this version i be use asus zenfone 5 android jellybean 4 . 3 can you tell me what happen i need to use wechat .
i cant download it easily on my other phone . it say cant download application . code error 927 please fix it team goodluck and more power .
unable to use shake .
you should instal it .
it's nice to chat in term .
i hv wait for two hour now and be nt open .
why my wechat stick on load picture of moon and human .
function be quick good , wechat out be ok .
economy way of link friend .
it be consume too much battery power .
wechat not work in moto2 .
all the sight still work move . but when i tap it to get the voice , it stop and say error .
something wrong with version 6 . 3 . 5 , keep delay receive message . please fix .
cant deactivate my old account .
i love it .
this app eat to much my sd card and i be clean it . please fix it .
i have now change to the new phone , and the backup button be go now i lose all my old chat content i think maybe there be something wrong with my old phone , but now i instal the app on my new phone , the backup feature be still disappear very bad .
i've be uninstalled the app because my phone be only 2 gigabyte . but i install it back . but it's be so take a long time to download it .
cant download .
wechat be an awesom app but their should be some sign for online on offline people .
we all love you 3 .
moment not update , people nearby doesn't work , chat take too long to send . i think it be my connection but it's work fine . please fix .
when i type user id and its appear . but when i click on the id to add as friend several time , it still on the same page and no response .
now that i know how to use it and there be a problem about my sticker it be blank after i instal them .
love it .
the best .
i'm always cannot see my emoticon when i wanna choose them to share with my friend . whatever i'm already update this apps . i love their emoticon . please let me enjoy with the cut emoticon .
all fake offer for promotion .
0097155 8958502 whatsup .
this be yhe only app to share our feel non other than other apps .
why i cannot hear my voice msg i try another apps can but wechat cannot please help me solve this problem .
my wechat account be block and its so hard to unblock the account . without any valid reason and explanation give account be block and nothing be do to the account without add new friend and its block what's the reason why account be block .
wallet be back . so far other issue be discover .
i hate it .
the best .
my phone samsung core prime 3g , why no come wechat out .
i cant open wechat , its stop at moon picture . please fix its .
like seriously . how can it be invalid if its the one i'm use now take me like 10 try to sign up . nevermind . this app just become annoy .
it make our life wonderful touch with our family relationship .
how to fine group chat .
like it .
show error while dwnloadng 927 .
i have wechat on my old galaxy s4 and now it doesn't allow me to log in or sign up on my new galaxy s6 edge .
new update be so useless half my message don't go through and mock location don't work it be extremely frustrate .
i don't have option of people nearby my other friend have it . pls tell me what to do .
i give this app a second chance . and a new problem arise . i look up the internet for solution butto no avail .
it be extremely helpful . i really enjoy .
why i can't download this app in my asus tablet . he say your device isn't compatible with this version . please fix this .
suggestion please add feature for moment like post our own video from the gallery not just sigh . and please let us pause play video that download from chat . please .
it be very awesome apps .
translation way better than anything else .
before out call be ok but now insufficient balance show , problem ready .
i have download it twice on my old phone but i cant open it . it stick on with the man and moon gosh plss tell me what to do .
okay then i'll wait for the next version .
its ok .
cannot find the chat log migration via cloud feature .
this app use to work fine on my dell venue 8 android tablet , but now it cannot even run and crash every time . be this a problem of the new version .
wechat out can't call .
i like it .
download so slow . i hat it .
great apps ever .
so col .
very good .
pls advise how to retrieve the message history when i log in again thank .
hello , i just update , the app then get a , hang up , logo of , the world . then reinstall it again . be there a bug in update the app .
love it .
problem will appear when i uninstall this app because i can't log in into my account when i download and install it's again .
realy its true eat so mych space in my fon .
people can't see me when i use people neaeby . please fix it as can as posibble .
this application be ok for sms only but not for call . what they advertise be a lie . call or video call be unavailable .
new message cannot be show correctly .
i cant add my friend by wechat id . whats the problem pls fix it .
it cannot update the moment , all display picture cannot display , why it keep say error .
when update version use in my xperia my phone hang . very slow work . pls resolve it . older version be bettr than new version .
cant download and install at all .
whats wrong already restart my phone many time . please fix it .
must start the message read icon .
have download to my phone recently and try to sign up my new number which new number malaysia after prefix of country code there be a 10 digit number instead of 9 digit for new number . hope developer of this program will fix this . cause i receive invalid number and not able to verfied .
not too bad .
this game be col it wood be freeze .
i can't talk in video chat . i don't know why .
i love this app but in my tablet i can't download this app because enough space . huhuhu .
malaysia people unable to topup even use a credit card .
now i can't use video call . pls . fix it . ty .
easy to translate while in china and get so many friend over all good and some time message request or add friend cannot delivery .
please add the feature if the contact be online or not . i'm gonna rate 5 if i see this feature in your next update .
slow but good .
not bad .
what happen .
i like .
when i do the video call , it always stick and i cant hear anything stupid app .
no doubt .
please fit this problem . it only show the earth image . i hope you solve this problem .
why my wechat don't sign in . im not get my friend first . why .
when i download it first , it be ok but after turn the wifi off , then turn , it say password . but i can't login please fix because i need to talk to my sister overseas .
love it .
its a good app .
i couldn't search for people nearby since i re install this app . please help me fix this .
previously they show number of notification for people nearby . but now , only a red dot . you need to go to nearby then you can see people who nearby . not like previous version whereby we no need to enter the nearby to see who nearby us . please fix it . or else it will deserve 5 star from me .
this application be good .
don't show if any one be online not even a last see .
why i cant see people greet like before , and why must search people nearby evertime want to look at it . please fix it , a . s . a . p .
verification code via sms be not work . can't login to my account .
no problem at all its a nice apps be great who be create this apps .
i love it .
like this .
i find it more social and speedy than watsapp .
should be innovative , but still as usual .
please update this app for android . we need material design not apple app clone . most app on android now support new design . i've see some design on the internet with integration of material design . please consider .
i love wechat but i don't think it's the new version or something . there be no back up your history . i love it cuz i use the back up restore button in the chat , set . please update it once again , just have back the back up set . btw there be also the word back up on back up restore option .
after my phone restart from an android update i can no longer use wechat . it keep indicate it canmot connect to server .
i love it .
i love it because it be more secure and more privacy than facebook .
it's one of the worst application in backup , i hv lose all my chat by unstill the app inadvertently , even if i have file of ten cent on it device u can't restore it .
good app .
it's don't work well on this version plz fix it fast .
somebody help me . i already download but always fail when try to install with error code 18 .
when i shake my mobile . i'm get try again . it's waste .
greet be confuse , clutter up my space , new update almost every week . the hell for .
i like it .
dislike new verson . because what's up and link in at more . i don't want . i want old verson . i very like old verson . please update the old verson . i need .
this new version be so suck . take to much mb ihate this .
please add if the person have see the message already such as see or read overall , it's a great app and the sticker be confuse . please make the sticker easily find if we type a word .
awesome . no need of compunction , it provide privacy at its fullest to its user .
i can't open my wechat why .
i cannot open my wechat on my phone . almost a few day i cant open it .
i can install this wechat .
as the shit . retention of registration .
can't even run wechat after update .
i love it .
we chat .
my phone always full storage . and i need to clean by cleaner app . i hate it . after i clean , all my photo be delete .
i'm instal it right now , i'll prove for now i like what i read .
it s really awsome .
my life i never show same application .
very good .
why wait here want to install lme .
for 2 day on , i be not able to sign up . it say try again later all the time . what's wrong with it i'm quite disappoint .
i have to check in to people nearby whenever i want to check the greet , currently i receive 57 request which will increase evrytime i wanna check on them dont update if u dont have anything good to offer wechat team .
previously my wechat be work fine but after the new update it have become worse wechat cannot read my location and shake be not work . i will remove this from my phone be i can get other iption . i suggest not to install the new update .
less best follow login krna .
forever love .
why cannot just backup conversation to my own phone need to backup to another phone too before this will show upload which conversation want to be backup but now it's totally miss and ask for that eff migrate to other phone .
please update . on zte fit smart 4g .
sweet program .
good wechat .
tottaly time waste .
love it .
can't login everytime there be some problem .
as an international product , ui design should not meet the prevail standard andrew as be the internationally renowned im , why whatsapp and line can do it .
it's fair .
why the name wechat my friend mcm in the contact book .
hi , i already use wechat for long time . i agree this be the best application for me . however , for the new application on the people nearby , i hate it . when i want to check people greet , its automatically search people nearby . please do change the setting back . fix it .
it always show the moon . i cant open .
that be great , because it can help me to talk to my friend , mum , dad and my sister .
please fit this problem . while i be install it , it write can't download while error due
best communication app ever .
hi , i reboot my phone and want to install wechat again . but it say that it be not compatible with my zenfone 5 . why be it .
you can text and call so it be awesome .
love this application .
good app .
cause can share anything .
cant download .
after upgred to 6 . 3 . 5 . can't open . stop work .
i like it .
i love wechat but sometimes it make me angry too because my pixture that i have post doesnt clear . canyou fix it huh .
oh , it can not look pulak image new update coat . wechat do camni . y correct my wrath .
why i cant sing up my wechat .
miss lvee4christ .
i'm get tire of message throughout the day from wechat team . you can't block them . you can't stop them . you can't turn them off . you just have to delete them as they come in many time a day . this be ridiculous . and now , this app be delete with a much deserve 1 star from invasion of privacy . i don't want recommendation . i don't want a message every couple of hour . delete .
very thank for this .
here , you have problem with emojis . when i use it , itdies not show what it look like . it turn unto goddamn arrow or gear or camera logo crap . i guess there be bug in your apps . better fix it up . that thing ruin my experience .
nice app but please add option for account deletion . everybody must not be on wechat until he die .
can't open moment , there write no memory card . profile photo , image , audio , video , album and moment feature be not available now . but my memory card have already inside my phone .
greet suck i can't find my previous greet .
no more backup button how to backup the chat history please fix .
its alright .
great app .
contact that i already delete why still can chat me .
ander gulak .
i get a problem here . i have lose many of my contact . so , please fix it .
hard to download .
i love this app but then i get ban from it seriously why i'm so sad i try get it back it wouldn't work plz let me back in what do i have to do to get in it this app need fix .
send and receive video camera do not .
callin problem .
very useful app but need some develop , such as chat notification , more good sticker etc . overall wechat be a very good application .
can't login either way . first install .
i try to install we chat at my asus zenfone 6 but it's keep say device isn't compatible for this app please help me .
baby need middle finger emoji like barn at asap .
i love it its so sweet for chat .
easy to call .
good app .
rat high .
please tell me how to close my account .
be you kid me no wonder my friend tell me its not available in google play .
so far , its a good massanger . but it need a lot of space in my phone . i have to clean it every month . n one more thing . can you make wechat can send music like whatsapp .
i use it contact friend abroad .
everytime you give recharge offer thats fantastic , dont stop offer ever .
i love this application .
stop ask for more private information . the contact be enough , now you want to look at my phone log impossible .
its so good now i have so muhe freinds .
i try to call we chat out call why can't .
why this application can't install download in my phone after i'uninstall , i dnt know why pls gve me ur response about this .
i like the way of performance .
nice apps we chat .
why i only can save 150 sticker .
can't go to the set menu .
i don't like the recent update . cant even see info of ppl try to add . fix it pls .
easy to use , get the world to a small village .
download this app . don't know how be it . friend say its good but after read review i think its not too good .
when we log in already our id , if we want to change our id we cant log in , fix this .
we chat .
very nice .
i be try to use wechat in my new phone right after download . but i can not login and its show log error 5 , 1 . i be use same number as i use for previous phone .
have fun to a close one .
i love this so much .
babar khan .
shake not function .
i love it .
mostly i like it but the game be not full version . seriously .
voice call can't use . help .
so slow download picture n send pic to friend failer n cnt send or accept sight so slow signel n cnt mk vidoe call n accept friend call aso y plz update ur wechat .
after update the wechat apps i can't see my friend sight in the moment pls fix it .
in the midst of video call and sometimes even voice call , it hang up itself . and this happen quite a number of time , it bother me a lot so i hope u guy can fix it . thank .
texting be so fun .
i can see my friend send me message in notification . when i open . no have message . so very regret update this version .
sorry but i accidentally delete the previous comment about not be able to accept friend invitation . could you provide the page to report to again thank .
where be pencil pilot game after i update the app , it be find that the app doesn't have pencil pilot game anymore . i love that game very much even though i always loose in the battle . please fix this and in shaa allah i will give you 5 star .
i can contact to my friend about my homework . i'm just a little kid .
the block and delete be not work , they still can message me .
worst app whn it come to locate any place . shut down or company if you be not able to match the sla .
i think wechatt can be better if we can see my friend last see like fb and whatsapp , i hope next update it will be like what i want and i will give 5 star .
i cant find the friend by shake . when i be try to find friend the message show be result not find try again later so please fix this and i will rate it for 5 star .
it be okay .
great for international texting .
great and very nice .
love it .
i have a problem why my wechat can accept a new massage or moment .
its ok .
sight not respond . please fix it .
please fix it . after approve one user need to look around again again again to approve other user . why this problem happen . i hate that .
please add a other gender option or a preference to not say what our gender be .
i hope wechat can update wechat moment to put edit option on moment status comment . everytime we typo then just realise it after post the status . there no choice , just delete the status and retype it again . if there get edit option , we just simply change it then no need to retype too much . you can see facebook comment status . we can change it when we realise our status get typo there . hope wechat can consider my request . tq . add my wechat sirsulaiman .
contecting the people .
but very slow work .
can't connect to the camera . everytime gona post some photo to a chat . keep pop up this error . vivo xplay 3s .
pls this be so cruel bez i be use we chat everyday before , i go vacation few day when i come back its not work i download and also i give the proof but finaly they ask me to choose friend from the photo , the problem be whatever u show me thats not my friend so how can i select pls solve my problem if u can ifnot i will say by to we chat i dnt have any other option i be wait for ur valuable replay thank u .
another big yes of approval .
wechat support be too lazy and not friendly .
whenever i try to refresh the moment , it always have problem . it dont show the new moment and i keep refresh and refresh . if i want to say this due to internet problem , but my instagram and twitter work clearly . i always uninstall and reinstall back , but the problem be still the sama . please fix it because i often to use it all the time .
here's some helpful critisisam i can't hear my friend when she talk we don't know what to do but plz fix .
cool to have .
the new version create lot of problem like acount switch etc .
how about let us know who's online and who's not .
you havent solve my problem . i cant see my contact profile and i cant accept friend request nor i can chat . please reply fast and solve . please solve this asap .
cannot see the number of new greet , and unable to block some of the weirdo who contact me . wechat fix this asap please .
just can't receive message after use it for a long time and no respond from customer service as well . suck .
its not open . i have dwnldd 2 3times . do wechat require google play service .
because can not see people come from before confirm add .
be you retartded goshh we need someone , anyone genius out there who can create a new application better than this one .
so that i can meet my friend here in wechat .
why wechat use too much space memory terpaksa uninstall wechat bcoz my memory space become low .
its ok .
i love wechat . i like this .
restart when i try to upload a picture for m4job , really annoy .
i love this app thank wechat team .
i love the cute emoji that we can save whatever we like . and obviously there's not enough for only 150 available space for us to save it .
it be a very nice app for chat and it's very easy to use also .
all the message will not show in notification . it will only pop out the incoming message when click in wechat .
can't open it at all . it use to work , then it keep crash , and now it won't open . in reply to developer . i visit the url and its in chinese and then i get message site be not available when i try to translate it . i click on the app icon , the image of earth show up and then the app close . that's it . every time . can't open .
not good .
my friend asus zenfone 5 . after the new update he can't even open his wechat . then he saw at the google playstore that wechat suddenly not compatible with his device . and he cant even send this report straight so he ask my help . please fix and thank you .
cannot see who be online .
dislike the new update . the notification only show when open the app and to backup the chat will be more complicate than before .
can be fix like automatic restore chat history because eat to much space and clear data space all chat history be go .
too many message apps already , don't need any more .
go i open it nothin happen then i just wait and wait and wait for a 20 minute but still nothing happen what just can i see be only the picture .
have trouble sometimes when it come to voice call pretty much can't hear a thing . i admit that wc's voice call be much more better whatsapp's but i'm hop that u can fix this problem asap .
i will give u a 5 star if u work well .
i fail to load my photo . please fix it .
i open my wechat but still in the moon how to fix it pls . help me .
but facebook be better and it eat too much sd card and i can't download it . i hate it .
better than whatsapp n all .
love it .
after approve friend request from greet would take u back to the message list rather than to the greet list which would require you to go back to the people nearby again and then open greet which take a lot of time .
i'm a problem because not log in wechat .
how we want completly delete our account . i do email wechat team regard this matter . please .
rat this 5 star .
why be it i always encounter from arab country only like malaysia , dubai , iraq , iran can you please help me with this .
when i try to call or use video call it always like this network issue . call have end i clear my cache and restart my phone but sti happen i uninstall the app and re install it but till happen . can u fix this issue .
just update to a new version and i cant open it . wtf be wrong fix this problem asap .
this be the worst update yet when i try to open wechat , it keep show me the kid with the earth in front of it . although i try to reinstall , but it still not work , i'm very disappoint of this app .
update new version but it doesnt work . it always show me wechat have stop when i open it . what wrong with it please fix it faster . stupid wechat .
i couldn't find friend nearby option in my wechat .
it can't be install in my phone . so sad to know that . i just wanna try this app . anybody know to fix my prob
i love wechat .
after i update the newest version i can get in , help please . please fix this asap .
unable to use , it will auto kick u out everytime when wanna use apps . please fix it .
many thank .
please fix it . after apporoved one user need to look around again again again to approve other user . why this problem happen . i hate that .
i cant open wc after the update . pls fix it . im use asus zen 5 . ill give 5 star if u fix ths for me .
love it .
help me , i cant open my wechat after format my handphone . hope u can reply asap .
i can't open my wechat after i update this apps . damn can you solve it as soon as possible .
how come when i update my wechat new version say unfortunately wechat stop i be use jellybean 4 . 3 what happen .
why can't not open after update .
after update to new version , cannot open stop work apps . also i try to reinstall few time still have problem to open my wechat . im use asus zenfone 6 with version 4 . 3 .
i wish for wechat can see notification on momment .
i cannot open my weechat account after i update it . please fix it asap . im use asus zenfone 5 . tq .
always stop work after new update .
unfortunately my phone reset and all data chat history vanish help me plz there be very important picture .
be try to change my pic for hour now and pic cannot be upload hmp uninstalling .
please fix the problem asap after upgrade new version . it cant enter anymore .
after upgrade can't open . feedback send 2 time already . so sad if all my history can't get it back . delete and install again also same can't open .
i follow the offer of wechat reward october 2015 but at the time of redeem my balance be rs 0 .
my wechat be keep crash right after this update . can you fix it asap .
it crash after i update it .
hope we can have auto backup feature .
it be a very old version in india because we don't have some function like red envelope and etc . and also we be send a sticker but still redeemtion be not perfectly do like earn be very bad . like its not perfact than last year earn .
dislike new version even i've already delete a person , his her moment still can see at my moment fee . and to see new greet receive , why need to search people nearby not like older version . please fix it .
this app have massive spyware , and shouldn't be trust . i only instal it because i have android 6 permission and can block most of it's access .
everytime i open the wechat it close automatically . please fix it .
i cannot open the apps . idk why . please help me fix this issue .
very nice .
love we chat . we be we chat user in china very advance . thank to the chinese brain .
worst app .
i hope it could be amaze .
the greet suck . after i accept one , it jump back to chat and i have to go back to people nearby , search again , then when i go to greet , same thing happen again .
crash all the time after update . use xperia z3 .
i re start my account by key in the password in the box indicate but my password become the account id and cannot be change . very disappoint . uninstalled .
it use more space in my sd card . but it be good app .
nice application .
i dont know why but i cant open this application . ive do everything like reboot my phone and uninstalled it then reinstall it back but it remain the same .
good app .
wtf wechat yku fcking dissapoint me why the hell after an update i cant open my apps and i here tought it be only me . i try update other phone and still the same .
my sticker all disappear and i can't even access the sticker store to redownload . i also can't access the setting for wechat . have restart the app and my phone many time , still do not work . if this be a bug , please fix it .
cant backup history .
like it .
it keep crash at startup after the update . fix it please .
after update to the new version , i cannot use my wechat anymore . it always force stop . please fix it . i really need to use my wechat . thank you .
this be wechat not good .
why i can't open my account after i update the new version . help please .
nothing new .
i cant open it after i update my wechat to the new one . fix it faster i need ma wechat back . i can't live without wechat .
could be better .
would give it 5 start but there's 3 prblms , 1 eat up way too many space on my memory card , 2 sticker problem , 3 can't upload sight . fix it and i'll give 5 star . thank you .
i love this app . the only problem be they stop you to usr lucky suddenly . ask chinese bank card . how a person can add a chinese bank card or cell number be he be not in china .
i cant open it after i update my wechat to the new one .
old version so nice and work good new version not good .
after newest update , then i cannot open my wechat anymore . keep crash . pls find a way to fix asap .
its not work new version be so terrible .
after i update , i cannot open my wechat . because he say wechat have stop . why please help me . i need wc because i use for my work . please reply . asus user .
unfortunately , wechat have stop . please fix this matter .
good app .
fix it asap . i cant open my wechat since i update it . suck .
give the old greet style .
its not get download . though i luv this app . any body can tell me what might be the problem .
i cant really download it . its to big and its crap . full of crap .
lately , i call my friend , it does't out any voice or sound . mana time i try it but still same . call other people same also fix it . im really love wechat voice call . thank .
like thiss app because easy to chat and tell everyting in moment . best .
after upgrade can't open . feedback send 2 time already . so sad if all my history can't get it back .
i run it on mu samsung s4 and it work perfectly . never have any problem and it doesn't appear tp make thr phone slow down .
while finish update , suddenly it show unfortunately wechat have stop . i'm use asus zenfone 5 . what s wrong .
why after update to new version i cannot open back my wechat .
after the update , wechat crash a lot . now have to uninstall . so sad great apps lot of trouble . hate it .
after update 6 . 3 . 5 can't open , not work .
after update to 6 . 3 . 5 , i can't run wechat anymore on my asus zenfone5 please fix this .
i cant open wechat after the new update . please fix this a . s . a . p .
program crash would not update . delete all my data .
i love it .
why do i get account or password error i can't find any solution and guide to fix this . i'm regret instal this . thank you . edit nevermind , i fix it .
i can't call out , why .
app be great but it will be better if you can do something about this people who turn this app into a massage parlor . there alot of them here right now . so anoying . take action pls .
its be so good and costless to me . but at this moment i can't use that apps .
unfortunately , wechat have stop please fix it .
why i cannot open my wechat after update it pls fix .
like it .
it be good .
why be this happen after update the application . pls rectify .
why this sign cant hide from my wechat hah . especially it will be show when i open my friend account huhuhu . please fix this as fast as possible . can u teach how to hide that .
nice app .
why be this happen to me so regret it when i update just now .
give me back the previous version pls . i cannot access my wechat and it keep freeze at the earth people screen . please fix this .
eat space to muchh . after update still nothing .
it take so much space . in the phone .
priority mode . do u know what it mean .
we chat .
this use so many space .
after update can't open and always force stop .
i want to delete my wechat account , but this app don't have that thing .
good but need more improvement . we didnt know if the account user be online or if they already read the message we send . hope to see those in the next update .
nice app .
slow dowloading .
just now i want to us . but my friend say very easy us this aplication . than i want to try first .
get many picture cannot to download full image .
cannot see and use the wechat out .
cant share picture and sight .
nice one .
this app be good for easy communication with friend and well wishers .
very good app .
when you have use other chat application and then you use this one it may make you laugh . wechat be so 1990s . can't use any other app while this one be active , it shut everything else down in order to run . it will not rotate sideways for access to the larger android keyboard . i don't know why you have these issue , maybe it's just a new chat app that need a lot of work or maybe it's not mean to be as easy to use as others such as facebook messenger or whatsapp , please take point from other chat apps .
eversince they release the new update the people nearby isnt work , so i update it think it will work again , but sad to say it didnt i have try every possible way i disable it from the feature i log out my wechat i even try uninstalling wechat 3 time my location gps be in check mode too i dont know whats the problem i hope you fix this soon im uninstalling it for now thank you so much .
huge waste on storage .
i would like to chat with you .
i install this app . but i cannot open this app . it eat too much space on my sd card .
sometimes people nearby not work .
but there be a prablam . we don't now who frind be online . mean in the facebook i easy now the online frind have a green mark .
i feel so regret after upgrade the new version of wechat i cant catch back the previous greet cant see the number of greet anymore like previous . actually what do you guy earn for keep on ask user to upgrade its just suck please bring back the old version which be more friendly user to us .
after a new version be update , i can't view any picture in chat . why it show unable to download image . it's really disappoint . please help me to fix this problem asap . thank .
after the update i cant open wechat or install it on my asus zenfone5 . i add this comment by open it on pc . please fix it . this apps not compatible with my asus t00j .
i update to 6 . 3 . 5 , and still don't have the wallet feature , why .
suddenly wechat won't open . be it the update what can be do .
the sticker be not visible for selection when in chat . galaxy note 4 android 5 . 0 . 1 update . have to remove and download again the sticker . some previously download have be remove from the library . now be work fine .
why in the new update i can't see the pic that my friend post sometimes it's just black . and the sight too . pls fix it and i'll gv 5 star .
please fix this asap . wechat suddenly stop work after latest update . i love your app but i hate if it be not work .
better by far than the other big w app but i really can't understand why i can't share to moment an animate gif , mp4 or mp3 . this severely hinder share of creative self make stuff other than live pic and sight . and the much less need re share of popular crap like song from qq music have be a feature for age . please fix .
after i restore my phone , i can't find my group chat in my contact list . do anyone know if there's a way to restore my group chat .
free great . buggy at time . but . give it a good rat .
fabulous feature .
because donald trump .
we chate .
after the last update i lose all chat's and now i cannot search for people who aren't close me , very disappoint . i try both these website and it come up with server could not be find .
spot bnyak memory kk .
service could not wear this wechat punyalah .
cannot login . i have strong internet connection but still prompt by sevice failure . please fix . so i'll rate you 5 .
i need cloud backup . migrate backup hard to use then cloud backup . i user wechat everyday , i need backup chat for my work .
this app be so useful and beautiful for those people who want to talk with foreign people and friend .
very good but we don't know who be in online . that be the single demerit .
let's we chat .
my now chinese ex gf introduce me to this when we be together and i love it , i can chat to here even though we be now in two totally different country , love the voice message and adore the sticker they're really cute .
wechat will never sto be awesome .
can lh .
we chat .
still cant see the user if they be online or not . hope next update can see anyone whose online .
require a cell phone .
i appreciate this app .
i can't open my account .
sticker be not visible . i don't know what to do about it .
world bed app .
not bad .
why do i get account or password error i can't find any solution and guide to fix this . i'm regret instal this . thank you .
i can not back up why chat .
its nice for vidio call .
unable to get people from india in shake feature .
i just instal wechat . but be unable to open the app .
love it .
good for i'm find wife .
the best .
but why no back up of conversation .
love this app .
so fun .
my people nearby problem . i cant use that . bad .
not work suddenly .
it be oky .
i dnt lik .
app won't open .
need to open the app to get the notification about message fix .
if have a function for save download sight video into our own phone gallery that will be better .
problem to update . wechat ale utoo .
i like .
i love it .
simple and easy to use . good quality . never crash . you don't need a mobile phone either as it work with a tablet .
v nice app .
old version so nice and work good new version not good .
ok work now its fine just so slow .
great app .
nice app .
keep say can't connect 1 500 .
love it .
please i forget my password help how can i recover again .
eat too much ram and cause a huge battery drain . you guy should focus on optimise cod and stop add useless feature .
when receive audio there be no sound . any solution .
like this .
easy to set up except for laptop . any version for linux yet .
wicked be good tencent be good xd .
social medium .
sir i install we chat but its not show nearest people option on my phone , i have xperia t2 ultra mob plz suggest what i can do .
there no option wechat call out .
people nearby feature not work and so much space need xd lol .
so good to have we chat wr can use wechat and talk to our friend and family yay .
love it .
no good . my phone not show the we chat out . now also same before .
i'm at my limit , recent update more worse , my valueable data have go just to reinstall this , the app can't connect to internet sometimes .
it have be a week or more since this application stop work . gonna uninstall it . bye memory hogger .
extrmly good .
love it .
american , german , french and white people .
suck all resource , suck .
so slow . and update . can't to send picture .
whenever i add a wallpaper as a background for the message , it frequently change to blank again . please fix this thing up . my messanger become bore i dont like it .
this wat i need to update me n my friend do .
there be a bug where you can't update the moment . it can be fix by clear the data of the app and sign in again . please fix this bug immediately because it be get annoy that you can't update the moment .
it's useful for me n i can contact with my old friend who be live do gar from me .
this app be a hm .
this app suck .
why be there so many wakelocks this app have be a battery drainer lately .
sr please decrease its storage , i really like this app and i want to use , or give us its lite version .
i love we chat .
i love we chat .
work well most of the time .
no good . my phone not show the we chat out .
all my msgers be work , only wechat be not . its keep resend the msg out , and say not network . pls fix it asa . i be use the wechat to communicate with my company client .
just have 1 prblem . for the person that you , ve block , they still can see your profile picture and cover photo . i hope that you , ll fix it . thankz .
i use to have this on all of my device , but in my samsung galaxy s5 it say couldn't be download due to an error and always send me to the troubleshoot link that doesn't really help at all please fix .
ten cent we chat be the best social date site i ever join .
from read the review it be obvious that the update cripple wechat . can you provide us a link to the old version we chat until you get the update fix , thank you very much .
the best application to keep chinese friend .
when i be use this app in phone memory , it be go good . but when i move it into sd card , it be not even open .
it's great apps and it also like wattsup i like it .
i can't download wechat don't know y i have strong wifi connection more space also thn also it be not download . soo plz rply wht i do .
love it .
just wow .
director business development asia .
love this app so much thank wechat team support .
i would love to know why tencent need to know my call history , apps instal and other private information .
i can't upload my phone number in wechat . and also i can't add a new friend . if i enter the upload contact , there's nothing happen . can you solve my problem asap . thank you .
insufficient balance .
please remove contact from both side when one of us unfriend or block each other . its kinda annoy for me to let them still be in my contact or friendlist .
people nearby be not respond . plz solve the problem .
keep jump out to screen after previous update , latest update make my levono tab s850 quadcore 2gb ram total stick , keep restart to get my work do . factory reset three time , without install wechat the tab work fine , please fix asap . i use wechat for work .
i cannot open wechat . after update latest version . it's show wechat stop respond .
the best .
hopefully wechat can make black theme .
you be the best .
how come its not compatible with an asus its be compatible before the update .
what to do .
i lose my first account password .
i can't use shake anymore .
cnt see the sight , cnt put moment .
my whecat have problem cant unistall .
happy w this app bcause when use this app we can chtting w friend and see picture we frnd post .
a very good app . be here .
this apps be update last second ago . now i cant open it . please fix it . thank .
okay this be by far the worst social app ive download in my life first it corrupt for some reason so i re download it then get log out and couldn't log into my account i assume i get thr password wrong so i click forget password only to go through the worst process of my life they give me the weirdest tempt password ever that they say they sms to me but nope i didn't get it so i have to retrieve all over again and when i type out that new password it still send me an error so what the hell .
helo . try to install . but no feedback of verification code please .
i love wechat . fantastic application , but i also use fake gps to find people around me . latest update do not let you use mock data from gps . this make the app totally useless for me .
this be a good app but it eat too much space in my phone .
can't login . when i open this app , always say we chat no respond . please fix it .
only call fail .
i hate it .
instal wechat .
i cant see all wechat friendlists or comment of my bf .
plz fix it , i will change the star .
didnt want to use it again .
have upgrade android from lollipop to marshmallow and we chat be not open in that . please fix it . m a frequent we chat user and if not fix soon then m gonna uninstall it asap .
do not install this app no option to delete account .
nice app .
receive the message after few minute everytime .
get either wifi error or you've log out in this phone everytime when i be try to migrate chat history urgh i hat this feature .
wtf happen after i update this wechat suddenly cannot use voice call . fix this thing n ill give u back your 5 star .
new update wechat , sight cant add location and emoticon . pls fix it a . s . a . p . ha marahh ni marah .
anyone can advise how to create a group chat for 500 people .
can use facebook connect to sign in but cannot add new contact through facebook . only can add qq , google plus and mobile phone contact . if there be such option to add facebook contact , please direct me the method . thank you .
after the recent update , mock location doesn't work anymore please do something about this or let us have an option to downgrade to previous update .
outdated app with too many gimmick update . very low level of privacy , drain battery . voice video call quality not so good . whenever i need to use i download then uninstalling to save battery .
wechat team isnt respond me for my request to cancel my profile .
just update latest version , unable to open app anymore . please patch for android .
this update be total bullshit . every time i try to call or sms always show server problem but my all other apps and internet be run perfectly .
it be unable to verify my num what the hell .
please fix this annoy bug , my storage be sufficient .
i love it .
hye . how can i want to remove my account and id wechat permanently .
eat so much ram and cause a huge battery drain . you guy should focus on optimise cod and stop add useless feature .
the group video call feature be awesome .
wechat so stick on the moon .
why cant load the sight after i update it .
i send email last month to deactivate my account , but until now no response . my number no longer active and my account do not link to email and fb , i cannot retrieve my password .
be harass by someone tell me this site be not safe and don't screen anyone .
nice app .
this app be good . love it .
since update , i . cant even backup my chat history . please teach me to backup .
lot of option like find friend miss . can't access setting . whole app become miserable .
why we chat have no feature to lock account like qq or line . cause i think its better for wechat to make this feature . i really like my privacy safe . thank .
how to make wechat out call .
i can't upload pict for my wall , profil pict . and send picture . why i'm use xiaomi remi 1s with android jely bben . please fix it .
good to everyone .
next we chat out version what .
it's a great app . i can chat wid people frm around the world .
hi wechat team . i've an enquiry that why i couldn't backup my conversation and its keep ask me to enable my chat migration hope you respond my enquiry quickly . thank .
this be no good .
i love it .
please add the feature if the contact be online or not . i'm gonna rate 5 if i see this feature in your next update .
i have sweet chat on it before filter in iran .
wechat use too much space in my phone .
nice app .
every one must use .
use to much space in sd card and always update and update but nothing happen on my wechat . please fix it . it's just make me trouble .
love it .
thank you .
i don't need this .
please fix it the photo that i save , store in internal . please make it save automatically in external storage . then i'll give u 5 star .
but the voiceprint be an epic fail its not work in the way it should be make a voice print and after that i use my coworkers voice to open it and it opend even it be not my voice hahaha but all and all its a great app its great if the voiceprint work properly .
it's ok .
plez update to more awesome thing to wechat .
instal it , sign up . within a few hour it tell me i have be automatically log out . try to log back in use password but it tell me password be incorrect . try every method in the book to retrieve password . try register new account . nothing work . app tell me to go to help center , which be all in chinese . i give up .
so good .
hi wechat team . i've an enquiry that why i couldn't backup my conversation when my phone battery on 16 even it's on charge too do it need at least 30 of battery just allow to backup our conversation hope you respond my enquiry quickly . thank .
chinese knock off .
initial install be great . but if you ever logout , you can never get back in . i have create 3 new account because , even if i reauthorize via sms , it do not allow access due to compromise account . no tech support to call , no way out of compromise hell . it be the most frustrate after import lot of contact . do not waste you time for such frustration . xie .
give me a headache .
not what i expect . location not work . nothing really work properly .
my shake use to work good . but now its say no result find try again later . what should i do .
improve on the voice and video call .
why every thing complicate here this apps eat so much baddles and its take too much space to be honest i dont enjoy on this apps even whatspp its trouble please fix it be honest .
this update doesn't have backup chat log option .
i have some trouble for back up my conversation when i want to format my phone . the new feature need 2 phone in order to get a backup conversation . this be suck . now all of my conversation be go . ppfftt .
it be so much fun but there be not a winnie the pooh sticker this be fake and if you make a freeze sticker then it be a best app ever .
why i cant make a video call always connect . if my internet problem , maybe not . because just a while make new internet please fix it i will uninstall if this problem not solve .
hey i can't find my drift bottle my friend have it but i don't .
i can find 10 gf . in 1 day .
pleasee fix can't see video call icon already update and nothing change pleasee fix
i like it .
hello team . i really love ur apps . can u make all the chat history send to email bcoz some of the chat hav a vry important information . we cannot tell mybe 1day our phone get jam , break , or lose . u know what i really appreciate if u guy can make it happen . please feedback . thx .
i use it every day n its fun .
i've be use wechat for 2yrs already . but now everytime i log in , all of the photo cannot be display . i also can't upload my picture . doesnt show my moment . i could have give 5 star , please fix this asap .
m always use this happy and i find this app m soo happy .
stop update the game . it's ain't fun and waste of ram . remove the game and stop update game please and i will rate to 5 star .
it won't open now , after instal today's update . please fix this .
give me .
very good .
sometime i have to open the apps before i can get the message notification , if not there will be no notification on my notification status bar . why please fix this .
it say number not valid . cmon its valid totally . i make call and no other id be make through this sim .
hey . why when i open app wechat stick at moon transport to back home be weed right .
i rate it 5 star because i have be use wechat for 5 year but when accidentally delete wechat and reinstall again , i can login but it keep load until my phone need to force stop wechat .
after instal new ubdate i be not able to view or send sticker to anyone . sticker panel be miss .
previously its just run fine but with the latest update , it force close and i cant open it anymore on my tablet . pls fix .
very good .
problem with the voice call and video call's voice . it's not clear and i can't hear what people try to say . please fix it . thank you .
i cant send photo please fix it .
cant view some picture and sticker , do uninstall and re install but still same .
im use asus zenfone2 , but when i kill the background app , i didn't get the push notification . please fix .
this app eat to much space in my sd card . please fix it .
i need the back up chat . the back up chat doesn't have . why please do the back up chat .
very good .
show up .
fun too use this .
i could not back up my we chat message after the latest update only have restore button where i have not back up anything yet .
i can't video call or even voice call others . i also can't us talk message to others . oh , also , it seem that my we chat didn't get update , please fix these problem and i will give 5 z .
sometimes it wasn't clear the voice call .
really good .
my wechat cannot update still in 6 . 2 . 5 n .
google play doesn't request to update to 6 . 3 . 5 . my version still at 6 . 2 . 5 . kindly assist . thank .
poor response of customer service . till now i have not receive any mail or contact my problem not solve since 2weeks .
good social app but not best then hike .
in my wechat version 6 . 3 . 5 , people nearby option be not visible . please fix it asap .
it be not show people nearby . it be not use the gps .
why i can't install wechat apps .
nice app .
i love it .
new feature be unique .
hurry pls .
we need . last see . and read message property . as whatsapp and other apps .
very good .
cause i hope the manager of wechat upgrade this . why moment can't use in voice .
i try to uninstall 2 time but still same cant open and use . how to fix it .
sometimes it doesn't work and sometimes you have to try it multiple time before the location data load .
we chat .
give mute and camra control on and off option in video call .
i prefer to rank 5 star if developer can add status update with text and emoticon . just like a facebook . it will be more dynamic and fantastic than other software .
too many bug , cant use at all time , lag .
cant open after download why .
this suck i always stick at verification . when i try to verify my account , it will return to login page .
this application be excellent unlike other app to video call . i like it but the problem be can't show the online friend .
we chat world .
this app eat to much space in my sd card . always need to clean it up use the cleaner apps . please fix it .
photo take up too much space and it can't backup photo on cloud forever or let us save all photo to phone all at once to save them on hard disk . this be the only problem i face now . would give 5 star if the problem be solve .
nyc app .
think twice before use wechat .
after upgrade to new 6 . 3 . 5 , the mock location function be not usable . please fix it . or let us downgrade .
why can't we move the app to our sd card to reduce space and no feedback from wechat team only reply i get to my question be thank you for the message . i need assistance .
i have a complaint about tablet wechat video call be invert , that be weird because in smartphone no problem , my tablet be sony xperia z4 tablet .
i like it .
need to upgrade . app take lot of time to open and sometimes hang in slow network . we can mesge in offlibe mode but it will remind alwys that mesge not send .
hmm good .
like the lucky money function the most .
i make lot of friend with this app . but now i cant start it . it get stick at the startup screen . i dont know what can i do .
so nice .
best wc wonder .
how to do . please reply as fast as possible .
hi love it .
so slowly .
maintain but pretty heavy though sometimes .
whenever i use wechat out , my phone be not make sound even after finish wechat out call . my sound setting will be set to max but i don't hear sound for song or a ring or a notification etc , until i restart my mobile .
i didnt realize on which update that cause the option for backup chat be miss . please fix this .
can you please update this app . its so nice . but i can't enjoy it bc there no read in it .
doesn't even have a delete account option or a deactivate . what kind of app be this delete my detail .
this app be great because i only have 500 text a month and 250 minute of talk but this doesn't count towards those text and talk minute it's absolutely great .
bipin of all puple use this chat .
when video call the camera be upside down .
like it .
would be even more awesome if you could see when message be send , deliver , and read , change chat bubble and notification color . such an awesome app .
i hate .
why i cant post any photo , why hm .
please make this app little lite one as now phone hang and the app crash . i be a very old user and advicing this to wechat company . i also hope a good reply from your side .
go help better .
new virsion not open in my galaxy s4 .
can't log in . sms verification send and ask for account verification . doesn't verify . can't log in or sign up .
more convenient .
it's a nice app but my country be not list so i have to choose fake one . also , the discover people nearby won't work at all . my samsun s5 location service work with all other apps . only with this one i get error . i write to support twice . i get an auto response in chinese or japan or some similar language .
call not work , always . show connect but not connect . l .
plss add my no have 11digts i cnt register its say invalid number .
good group video call .
call super .
i love wechat .
put seennzoned please .
motorola moto x .
i love it that be amzing i be amrit .
wechat very useful for me . i can message and videocall anytime as long it connect to wifi . it difficult to use when your mobile data be low . you cant recieve message .
its cool to vote for the sa idol for free .
very intresting application its good work .
the way it start populate contact l get a creepy feel .
this version miss wechat out feature please fix this problem .
i cant download it and ive use so many way . i even format my phone and it's still cant be download . im use an android phone . once , it can be download but it didnt work . after that i uninstall it and ive try to instal it back and it didnt work at all . all it say be package file be invalid . ive be try to download it for a few day already and i still get the same result . the package file be invalid . can you please fix this thankyou .
it's a good aplication .
ur gr8 , keep it up .
some of phone havent can update yet for the multiple video call .
this be cool .
it be good . but i can't call other number .
love it .
its always stop .
when you will release wechat with material design we love material design . please make it . love you .
nice app .
its good . but i be unable to use people near by you option . please help me out immediately .
why i can't look the picture .
but , it cause my phone storage full of space . please reduce the usage of memory . please fix it . thank .
love it .
why my pic like blurr if i post at wechat . i don't like it
very good .
cnt see the sight .
best entertainment .
jo jjndhhc be .
the best app to keep on touch with family and friend in all the world , thank u team .
good app .
great app .
good app . improve this app until this app use by all people in the world . keep it up .
lose feature to backup chat . only if you have 2nd phone can backup .
why i cant open it please reply asap .
wechat be constantly self improve , learn from others and incorporate popular feature faster than all other competitor .
not bad .
battery suddenly drop very fast and cause my lenovo s90 very hot , just start happen few day ago .
after the last update i lose all chat's and now i cannot search for people who aren't close me , very disappoint .
so happy .
i love it .
wechat be so awesome , i can vc with my fam .
i like it .
excellent wechat .
i want older version .
i cant log in my account . when im try to open app today it say system error . update it work now . thank .
hey , this morning my wechat say system error , so i think by log out it will fix everything , but now when i try to login back , i cant , i already key in correct id and password , why i cant login pls help me asap .
i love it very much .
cannot select language .
can not show pic in right size .
i cant open my acct . i have be use wechat app for nearly 6yrs now and just this morning it say system error and now i cant log in back . please help .
why my wechat cannot update to 6 . 3 . 5 .
can i get back my old account i forget my password and verification just bring me to creat a new account . i want my old account back . pls n tq .
pretty bad .
let there be an option where we can change the chat color .
can't see any picture that my friend post .
i like to be on we chat .
yesterday be fine , today , i send msg , it say system error . i log out , log in again , it say wrong password . try log in via sms also unable to log in . can please resolve this problem as soon as possible .
sign in but just receive message too many operation , try again later .
please decrease the mb of wechat , its really hard to me for update and when my friend send a picture i can't be unable to download it thank you .
nasty corp , one star and no more .
when my phone link with sony smartband by bluetooth , all voice message fail to play by speaker , how to solve it anyway , it's an amaze app .
very good .
i have it on my phone and since im very protective about my phone i lock all of my apps and whenever i listen to those voice thing it always lock me out of the app and the screen keep turn off and on so i cant ever use we chat , however this be a great app .
i want change my wechat id please give one chance to change the wechat id . please help me .
it get log out more than 10 time a day wtf and when i confirm my number it show number not available be this kinda joke .
that's good .
i don't know why i can't see the picture on chat . when i open picture be unable to download image what happen i like too much 3 .
awesome app .
not good the video call not work very bad i hate this app before very nice now . i don't no wat happen .
how to uninstall .
i know i be type the correct password but say account or incorrect log in . can someone do something about it .
can't give information yet haven't use yet cause not fully load yet . dnt understand why load be always a problem .
why i cant sign in man . again again its show system error try again later . infact my frends wechat account be work on same phone . pls reply fast wechat team n solve it . thx .
i hate jumia it frequent appearance on my phone be irritate .
the shake option do not work . i reinstall it a couple of time and no good news .
why when i voice call cannot hear voice each other , pls reply and solve this .
your management couldn't sort out my problem i think now i have no other option leave for me except delete this app the link which u do give me i do report there but after few hour i get a message they can't find my problem hah how come its as simple as break pic , voice note , video everytime it say i dont have enough memory even thou i have a 64gb micro sd card in my phone .
i cant get any notification untill i open it and few hour after that i will get my notification or sometime it log out ownself . why what happen .
i hate when it freeze .
this app good .
but search friend its no result find .
only one thing . it consume more memory ram and please reduce the app size .
i give him 5 .
my wecha cnt log in pls help me to log in .
how can i know wether my message be get deliver or no please add deliver and read status .
cant log in and i click frgot psswrd but useless . besides , when sign up for new acc , always appear network error , try again . worst apps .
love this app .
it owe some .
it show that click back to enable cloud migration but i cant even find whr to enable the cloud migration . any suggestion on how to backup chat history .
what about put chat in the middle and contact and discover in side .
actually the app it's good but it should be update . its nearly 3 month i've be use it but it isn't update till now . hence it should be update also i can't change or remove my wechat id , give a solution .
not bad .
i want to restore my chat .
i need more call .
but i want to have a group videocall . please .
icon package usually delete itself . for example , i instal the package , in the begin it have 8 icon in the package but later only 7s leave . it happen so many time and make me so frustrate . and today the grandma eunji don't remember exactly the name disappear . i can not find it in the icon store . please help me to fix it .
very good .
need to have read and see indicator . can not invite people via message , it will say no sms .
i don't know why i cannot search any more official account .
i like it .
welcome back feel free to tell me if you have any problem or suggestion for wechat . wechat out .
with this version unable to migrate to another phone , please help .
why my fren can video call in the group chat .
pls reply fast as you can .
i just start use wechat . i could not log in , so use password retrieval , then it say account compromise . what to do now .
my phone be a lenovo s850 model and i do have the new feature at my grp chat the group video call .
i have try in many time install and uninstall . but still can't open wechat thru my tab . how can be like that how to solve this problem i really like to use wechat . pls reply almost 3 .
why i can't install this wechat .
when the feature video call in group can use by the android .
wechat have video group call how .
nice app . well can you update too have more option , like change id .
what be the phone permission need for be a dialer add useless , be some junk to make frivolous call add malicious , or be this just a case of permission creep not update until there's an explanation .
i have just instal it few day ago but i be not able to log in all think be go good but at time of verification it doesn't move forward . it just again and again verify come please help me i m use moto g 2nd gen phone .
what be we chat out be it charge me any cost how long can cal by we chat out .
create last see for wechat create people online for wechat .
hi wechat team . i forget my password and the phone number that i use in wechat be no longer active . how can i retrieve my account password hope you can help me . thank and more power .
it shut down all the time when send photo .
please help thank . i couldnt open it even i refresh poweroffthenon my phone .
be very good .
it's a nice app . but the people . so wish they could take my report serious .
whatsapp be much better so this can be use as a back up .
app no good , because can't me find call out wechat .
love it .
i love it .
i love this app but some issue . some time this app don't work . please resolve this problem and clear them .
cool i love it now all my friend of the other contry can finaly meet me .
its very cool .
didn't inform me whether someone have send me message .
love it .
all the emoticon make me fellow like . woww .
love it .
awesome app .
though i love the new feature of internation call . it be work well . but now call be disconnect and fail . please reply and solve this issue .
i want it .
i saw only restore option instead of backup option . both of my phone be same .
memory consume app .
this app be very user friendly and the design be good . so far i use i never encounter any bug or problem on my samsung galaxy s3 , recommend to everyone .
fairly good in ability to use as email . animate sticker if not crude be enjoyable .
i love it .
how do i create a message status post it only display to post picture . but sometimes i just want to create just message status only on my wall . thank but it be a really good app .
i understand that wechat out be not available to all user . i travel a lot and appreciate if i can have the feature . thks .
people near by not work and shake option also movement msg someone it might cannot deliver fix it soon pls .
in my new phone i do not instal we chat . the reason be i cannot backup my chat in my old phone and transfer it to the new mobile . there be no option for backup in old phone or in that version of we chat . how to bring all my chat to my new phone .
after recent update for my htc one , now the wechat totally cant be open . hope developer or other it expert can help me .
wechat have be disappear from my android phone and cannot be instal again . please help .
i want to delete my acc , so how do i have to make it . pls someone .
it support marshmallow .
best app in world .
i add my friend several time but they say they do not recieve any friend request from me . be there any suggestion from your team to solve this problem .
why my wechat automatic delete from my phone .
when i put my phone number to sign up there be messege say invalid number ,
i accidentally press the sign in button key in with my exist number which i use for my exist account . this action generateda new account which link to my exist number and seem that my account have be delete . the newly generate account be not what i need . will it be possible to get back the old account . i still remember the id but i do not manage to log in anymore . please help .
the sticker suddenly go . i really need the sticker . wechat's sticker also go . i don't know why the sticker go . and my wallpaper back to white wallpaper although i change it to my select wallpaper . to wechat team , please fix it . thank you .
i be unable to use we chat out feature call automatically end everytime . worst app .
i like it .
when i turn off my phone . it go from my phone . why it be like this i donn know . please reply me as soon as possible .
can you do wechat like whatsapp who online and who offline .
when upgrade to version 6 . 3 .
if only i could classify the sticker i collect , plz .
can you tell me how to back up chat history .
i can't download wechat for ma android .
i have send to support team i just wanna delete my account forever why i can't do be it so bad to if you cannot delete your account i dunno why you ppl didn't even send a reply .
no problem .
where should i start voice call consistently drop out , sometimes the app don't send notification for new message , but it's constantly run in the background . also , my phone hang when someone else try to ring me via voice .
why i didnt receive any update but my friend already can update it . please reply .
don't know why but automatic delete from phone . also people nearby option not work .
love it .
how to call we chat out . mean those don't have we chat .
just get the s6 edge and instal it . just crash .
its oke to me .
cannot download and install . error message your device isn't compatible with this version model asus zenfone 5 lte android 5 . 0 asus t00p .
hey you guy if u dont like it dont rate 1 2 3 star and dont rate any star if u dont like it . support wechat rate 5 star .
cannot see ppl send their photo . i really dissapointed with you guy . can you fix this app eat a lot of my storage
why i cannot save the picture from my friend moment . when i want to post it at my moment i cannot find the picture . please reply . asap .
we chat all the time .
because i rest my phone then i log in cant please service this problem .
seem to stick at 88 fix it asap .
the sticker do not appear .
the sticker be not visible for selection when in chat . galaxy note 4 android 5 . 0 . 1 .
why wechat out feature be not available in my phone how to enable the service thank .
my live one by one .
when we get new version of wechat out . coz it usefull for me to communicate my family and friend .
how to make a video call with many people .
we chat .
awesome app .
be yet to download it . i will comment soon .
i have 6 . 2 . 5 and my friend have 6 . 3 . 5 and i'm here on app store to update but it say latest update be 6 . 2 . 5 please fix very frustrate .
its so much easier to contact my mom now because shes always out of the country on buisness trip thank so much .
never bypass mobile network . cannot be useful as pure data app .
pls reply asap , photo send by friend's moment could not be see . urgent . thank .
why i'm not able to delete the contact from contact tab . how can i delete a contact in wechat .
i cant see my contact profile and i cant accept friend request nor i can chat . please reply fast and solve .
i cannot see update moment from others .
by use we chat , i simply send my friend message but i never know whether they have see it or not . because there be no notification for it . so different when i use other message application like messenger , whatsapp , bbm . they gimme notification for it , so i know whether my friend be already read my message . pls fix this i'll give u five star .
i dont understand why the newest version 6 . 3 . 5 do not support werun on android phone . so disappoint .
message be delay always and it will come only if you open the wechat .
love it .
but if we can see the user online or offline . it can be great . i will give 5 s . plizz i wanna update like that . we can saw online user .
long time to log in wechat . wtf .
good apps .
how could i can get back to my old account i couldn't get back to it because i just forget my password . why there be no verification with friend so that i can get back to it . i couldn't solve my problem by use your statement because i didn't link it to my phone number or even email account . i just use my id and password log in my wechat . so now i be forget my password but i want to get back to my old account . so please , can you fix it or do anything so i can use it again .
pls help , send me update .
tire every suggestion list on you help suggestion . login to the desktop and try to find the device then backup . either it show cant find device or it will automatically fail . how good be it to let me continue use it on ny new phone , or may be should have suggest google to remove you off list .
give mute option in video and voice call .
great to hear about this fabulous communication tool .
i cant hear properly the other person only some sound and my network be fine . some time image hang disgust . correct please i give 5star .
let's see how it will work .
this applicaion be cool .
picture in wechat will get blur . fix it i give 5stars .
pls include another gender such as shemale cos they mostly appear as female espc when you use discover people nearby . also pls include location distance limit option when use shake function . it will be much greater apps . tq .
its awesome app .
love it .
please add online friend indicator read message also add live profile on .
i enjoy with this application .
superb app .
some of my application cannot use since i download wechat . my phone memory phone get full .
i wnt group video call android , tq .
not able to see people nearby option and drift bottle option .
i need cloud back , easy more then right now please . i love last version wechat .
good app .
try 3 time to signup . where the hell be the sms . wtf .
its a cheat .
a great software . i love it .
i get samsung galaxy ace duo but the its not work on my phone pls fix it so i can use this app tnx .
why can't i send picture and post a new moment it's be go for like 4 day now . please fix .
very good .
why can't i open my account even with the correct phone number and password please solve it .
can i use this app without sim .
awesome app .
sir plz help i be face a problem i m search for frndz n after the day passesd next i can t find frndz why like that plz rply fast .
cannot see people nearby option . leave a message for developer 5 6 day back . wechat team be not bother to reply also . bad .
like it .
nice work .
why my wechat cant use transfer and wallet .
there be no wallet faction in hong kong .
like the format .
very good .
my account have supposedly be compromise so i can not log in . would be helpful if i could retrieve my account as have actually enjoy your app . but as i go to security it be all in chinese and i do not understand chinese please help me with this problem and i will be very grateful and will rate 5star .
very good .
so slow until i uninstall it . then a few day later it jam , i can't open it .
wechat suck video call .
because . i search people nearby . this app show me wrong location .
oh god , i get a new mobile . i try to open with my new phone . it tell me to select picture of my wechat friendlist . i've forget about my friendlist n have change my number . what have i do to get my old accout . please i love that acc .
use it .
i hope the next update can see who be online on wechat . this be important .
its a very useful app .
my asus zenfon4 cannot install wechat after i reformat my handphone . previously i can use wechat normally . what be the issue .
its goog . but i be unable to use people near by you option . please help me out immediately .
be it possible to delete my current account and create a new one use the same number because someone have hack into my current id and spread some of my private conversation and picture . please reply quickly . i be so in trouble right now .
very good .
why cant i update the new version of wechat on android my apple user friend update it but i cant .
i can't download this app .
even the troubleshoot .
use only once . log me out , try 20 time to log back in . send me verify cod , still could not use it . stick with tango , way more simple and easy to use .
love it .
its so fun , i get to chat with friend so freely and i love the funny emojies .
y do only apple have 5e newest sticker thts not too fair now be it .
come on guyz . im from malaysia and everyone in malaysia love it . download it . its awesome .
i want to reset my phone i'm use samsung galaxy s3 so i have to back up my chat history . i access the chat back up restore , but it can only restore past chat that have save but i can't see any back up function beside the restore button . i also try migrate my chat log via ipad for several time but it can't work it ask me to try again and again , load and load but nothing else do . pls fix it .
other wechat user . please help me complain about the lack of translate function on the profile page so that translate of word in whats up can occur . i love the translation function . however i cannot use it to translate the profile name or the what's up comment . please update your app to allow the translation function to work in all area or field within the app . great app .
and it be like whoa but please download fast .
great app .
a man with high sense of humour love god and man .
it's good .
not as bad as i think it would be .
i hate when it slow want to install it .
i really like we chat very nice and useful app . make a new frnz .
hello , i've be use wechat for 3years . i've see it improve and there still have a lot of room to improve . i'm not judge or say i'm good at this but there's a slight problem about share , use as cover and profile picture . the quality go bad when be it be use or be share . lastly , i hope you make an easier way to delete the moment post . that be all from me . i'll change my review rate if any change come . thankyou .
please fix it asap when i talk my friend can't lisen and recieve any thing from me .
nice n thank . so much .
please do needful .
its good app .
emotion cnnot save more pls update yr next new version and can save more . tq .
easy to use .
great apps .
the app itself be good , but just for example , i need to completely reset my phone aka delete everything . everything i do not want to lose my chat history . how do i save that i do not have another phone onto which migrate all the log . i have get only this one . i cannot seem to find a way out of this . any help be appreciate .
devolopers i hv one request pls add 1 feature i wish to see who online offline if you add this option i will give you 5star make 1reply fast .
1st this .
im fkin furious right now because all my friend have the update and i dont . please fix and ill rate 5 star .
great app . but cannot log in to multiple device .
great . bore .
i love it .
need a new ui , otherwise be great .
bastard go and take education from hangout every thing show who type who online when online who sms read everything .
hat it .
i love it , but there be some problem . the mobile number who start 7236 . it's show , it's wrong number . when i sing up . plez fix it .
pls fast reply and solve .
i like this app but the sticker have problem i mush delete and install the sticker every day or i can not see the picture please fix the problem .
its good .
this be a pathetic android port . it's slow and look awful . and it ask for every single permission available . why do it need sensor access it doesn't use sensor . it look like a 2010 iphone app , and it's slow to open and slow to load , and the notification be awful . only reason i use it be because my girlfriend live in china , where the government have ban everything else , so i have to use wechat to talk to her . otherwise i would use telegram , which be beautiful and actually care about android .
the amaze app forever thank you wechat i love this app very much thank you again .
after i update it on my new phone i can't create and see moment , it always say this version be not compatible with my new phone . please fix it immediately . please reply asap .
nice app .
i wish it would ba also possible to share our moment video we have in the gallery instead just capture in the moment .
all good but make it should be .
please add option to delete our moment from your database . trust me , im not the only one who want this option . please add this option for your next update . please .
knnot download .
my dad say i should invite everyone in a video call didn't work .
so nice .
i like it .
the best .
i like it .
just get my new phone and work really well . luv itt .
i just format my phone . then i install wechat cannot to sign in . then i delete and install again but it still cannot open . so please hel me . i love my wechat .
top app .
group call with my best friend .
be happy .
when you roll out wechat out , two or three day i can call to myanmar number . after that , it show not support . come on why don't you want to support myanmar number . don't tell me cannot . i use it to call several time to several number with clear voice call when you first launch it . you can , its just you don't want to .
amaze app .
many people complain many time about wechat design just copy ios design without use android design guideline . it seem wechat team focus on ios more than android . also , so many message app can work across multiple device but wechat can't .
redesign the look for wechat . please .
one of the best apps here in android . keep it up .
more contact with my friend .
love it .
where be the version 6 . 3 i'm not see it . i still have the 6 . 2 . i have a lenovo phone . be the version even compatible with my phone .
easy to send message .
i love this app .
for you to know if your friend in contact be online or not . pls update this wechat .
when i shake before i get a lot people but now only one person in shake why what happen fix i want see more than 10 in shake and add new stuff like i want make my location in america i want meet american people not only mayleci .
just to see what it have to offer .
i try to use people nearby and open up my gps . end up unable to find my location everytime . uninstalling .
why i cant search people nearby . its just display load location data . and one more thing , why when i shake just appear people from india , iran and arab .
love it .
mine n my friend account be full of these bitch who want to date . please for the next update enable account delete . thax .
pls provide groupcall for android also .
good app .
i can't download it on my asus zenfone 6 after upgrade to lollipop .
font size not enough large . please fix it and make extra large option too . also my friend get issue with custom sticker get save in one row only , not in double row . please fix it too .
wechat be a chinese message and social medium app . people can use it to send message , post picture , and use the free call and video call function . i use wechat a lot to talk with family and friend that i have in china . i be able to video call my family without have to pay any international fee the design be clean and simple , and user can customize their picture and background one thing that stand out about wechat be the fact that i can locate other people who have this app . i can either look for people who be on wechat and be nearby , or i can shake my phone and see who else be shake at the same time it s a great way to meet new people message apps be fairly common nowadays , but i think that wechat be pretty innovative in the fact that you can call and video call people from all over the world for free for a free app , it have a lot of feature and be pretty amaze .
wechat always shut down and it cannot open . please fix it .
great app . have all the service that be group into one too bad picture quality not so good when we share .
this app won't work . when i activate it show some kid stand on the moon look at the globe and that's it nothing more . i hat it .
the photo that my friend share in moment not appear .
never be disappoint . love this app .
i can't add my mobile contact even i have update it . please fix this problem as soon as possible .
this version miss wechat out feature please fix this problem .
hat it .
love it .
i'm use lenovo a50 , after this new update on lolipop i cant open the app please do something fix this .
i like it .
please add the feature if the contact be online or not . i'm gonna rate 5 if i see this feature in your next update .
i love it .
simply love it .
love this app .
video call .
it can have a group live seson .
create last see for wechat create people online for wechat .
great applcation .
give me problem . i be frustrate because it keep deny to link it to my number , email and facebook and keep give me error code 1403 and tell me to check my network setting even when they be available .
love it .
something it's not work very well to some android like mine so please fix it thank you .
nice app .
no back up for important message , why update new version when old version be better hope to change it .
why cannot upload my contact .
be use the app more than a year or so . bt since last 2 month nearby people option be not work . reinstall it two time bt to no avail . even though i have ask about it to the concern people no technical help have be provide so far .
very nice communication app , but use a lot of energy when do nothing . even with all plugins disable .
the best simply but awesome like this wechat .
very helpful .
but when i update my phone suddenly go my wechat out . i hope my phone have wechat out again . its a big save for me . pls . i hope wechat out have again my phone .
u need to improve ur app . i can't sign up even wen my signal strength be on point , it's say check ur network connection .
not bad .
the wechat the best .
please add feature like be able to know if our message send to other people be send and be read and try to make other unique and cool stuff , all the best .
best thing be that u can find the online person around in ur surround through bottle throw and deduction , be really awesome . one thing be needful to be upgrade that atleast we enable to find a person through name .
now i can talk with my friend in wechat .
after two three time of use shake doesn't work . it just go round and round search people . but no single person in 5 minute . my net speed be also good .
error 24 i cant download the app .
backup chat history .
sorry , but i still cannot open my wechat . it stick at the boy see the moon .
sometimes good .
i love it so much .
love it app .
chat with different people from different nation and be friend .
wechat should have read mark like whatsapp . online or offline user or since when not online . or the user type or record audio .
why my wechat still 6 . 2 version google store do show can be update to 6 . 3 . 5 version i want update for group chat video call ah .
never leave without it .
wechat call out be no longer available please solve this .
love it .
after update to 6 . 3 , my wechat can't open . please solve it asap .
hi , my wechat walkie talkie feature miss . please fix it asap .
i can't log in the web wechat . it will automatically log out once i scan the qr code .
i don't get why people don't like this and say there be thing miss they rate it one it's an interest app punk .
it function r not good .
easy to chat , send photo many sticker .
still gettin use to it .
have wechat out call .
love the app but we get invite from china while in sa wonder why .
like it .
my backup tab just have restore it cant let me to backup i wonder why .
not good .
the voice call . i can't make a voice call and if i make it will hangout suddenly . please solve my problem .
for me , wechat be perfect .
lovely day .
the app just crash . all other apps work fine . no memory problem . very upset . try a different app . cannot verify i know friend because photo . aren't load . i use phone number as an alternative and it have the nerve to suggest that my friend phone number be not correct . we chat be a piece of garbage .
very cool .
hope you can add at chat box that when be the last time the person send text . just to make sure that our text have be read or not .
after update this version , it always show memory card not detect .
love it .
someone be hack my account .
i cant open wechat after do install it . please fix this .
very horrible . please bring back the cloud chat history back feature . chat log migration feature almost unable to use . internet keep disconnect and the entire backup size be 4gb . really plus there be no option to choose which chat history i want to backup . please fix it asap .
sometimes i receive msg after 2 3 hrs . feed up with this prob . kindly fix that .
after i instal this new version on my note 3 , i have problem to add official account .
worth use .
love it .
not bad .
for an old version .
i hte it .
guy , i like this app really much . but can u guy improve ur translation system i write in german language it always mean different than what i write . so please fix it other language if that's okay . thank you very much .
do you want to go .
this be my favourite . app .
how can i instal wechat out .
cant fully install it . this apps auto install when it reach 88 when i download it .
very bad .
i will give it a 5star . but to much people send picture of their peanis and want to video call to show their prick . i don't want to see your prick .
why i'm cannot download wechat .
i instal the latest version but then the picture be not load , im use android version 4 . 4 . 2 i wonder if its suitable for my phone , if it be , please fix this issue .
no backup cloud feature anymore at least give us the option to backup to dropbox or google drive .
i don't get notify about message when app be not open or run in the background .
lovely day .
it's time to find ur beautiful neighbor now .
801 92 401 88 call to install in hyderabad secundrabad .
samsung glaxy s3 korian mobile . mention many time to support for fix issue . nothing work without gps . fix this and back to me then i will give 5 rat .
really good .
i have samsung note 4 and wechat's people nearby do not work .
its not so friendly it should show the hot girl .
love it to the max .
help me . why i cannot open it . it just a picture of the world . what should i do ah so bad laa .
i update this app for the new version . but y i cant run it . have try a whole day . but still fail . 2years use this app . but today be worse .
good , but need some more improvement .
no we chat pay .
love it .
everything here be useless , full with faker , abuser and scumbeg ,
great aap .
i have click the option mark as unread , when i be delayeing my coversations with a friend , now how can i get my meseges from my friend i need a help .
can't support wechat out call .
very nice .
i click the option mark as unread now how can i read those meseges from my friend plez i need help .
it really fantastic apps .
love it .
no time to jot down the point . you know what i mean .
i've try for day to sign up but it won't send me the sms and keep put my country as canada when i'm in usa and i've try contact you but haven't hear anything . please help update after wechat ten cent reply . that reply didn't help at all . i'm not able to change my country code . please help me .
please help me . i dont know why i cant open it . it just a picture of the world what should i do .
the one stop .
i love it .
voice message break all of a sudden and force close the app . what's happen .
when i send greet it show send successfully but other person doesn't get it suck please fix it .
i need to open the wechat then i will receive the notification the mssage . if i do not open so i don't know that my friend mssage me through wechat . plz fix it .
on this version of wechat , cannot send lucky money or any other money service easily . even with credit card . it doesn't have the option like on the chinese version of wechat .
low quality photo , i've no see a great photo when my friend post on moment . please solve the problem . and can i have see on chat . please add that see .
its not work at all .
look for a chat all that doesn't require my number .
very nice app .
just the best .
this app be reinstall more than twice but it doesn't work properly , even after 3 installation many complaint , there's no response by the team . if message be send now by me will be deliver after many attempt and hour and shake , bottle doesn't work too .
take too much time to open and we chat out be not work properly .
i like we chat . good work in my all feucher .
update to lollipop we chat icon disappear , to use wechat , i have to search wechat in playstore and open it .
i have htc 820 desire . people near by option be not available in my app . most likeable feature be miss . i hate wechat for this .
mine keep show null after i video call with my friend . please fix this . i can't backup my conversation too .
can be open .
love it .
new update from wechat be suck cannot backup chat history from mobile itself what a shame . create more problem to consumer hope wechat add back the could backup in order consumer to backup our chat .
very good .
im for that 3star before i play this app its work awesome but after i update this app dont work and cant open i think my phone be hve promblem so i install this app on my second phone but its damn cant open too . i really upset for this issue im really like this app but its cant open anymore . im give up please fix .
such . a . problem . when . i . cannot . open . the . app .
whenever i click to see people nearby , its not work please fix .
hey why i can't add emoji to my status , moment and my name one more why i can't copy any word or moment please f ix it .
good one .
love it .
really bad , no background changer and no chat cloud backup , lose all my chat info after reinstall , pc version be same ,
how can we share video please make this feature .
message will not pop out automatically although i switch on wifi . or it will pop out just one day later . pls reply me why like tis and solve it . tq .
its awsome this app five star for this .
knnot download .
it use to work on my samsung galaxy pocket . now its just stick in the load screen . hope you help me fix this . thank .
nice one .
cool apps .
good but i cannot understand who friend online .
crash each and every time i try to open . previous version didn't have any problem .
any body can give the solution , how to use the wechat out . my phon no come this option . i see the others phon have this option .
there be some big problem on translate mean from chinese to english , example the mean of you be the best in chinese word , after the translate to english it become all bad , what kind of translate be this fix it please , use google translate .
i love this ap .
nice app .
i download wechat use my galaxy after an update i can't open my wechat it stick at the earth them i format my phone still not work .
wrchat be vry hngury .
can't backup chat history anymore after update just show me restore but no backup . please fix it thank .
i try to make it as newly sign up because i use to have wechat in old phone many year ago which i can't definitely remember any detail friend photo no . verification . but system just stucked about phone no . tie up . please advise how to reset phone no . tie up so i can begin from 1st step as new user .
this be suck , why i cant log in . i never forgit my password , then its say password in correct how it come incorrect im sure thats my password . i dont like . one star .
help me to download wechat please .
idk why but it log me out from it twice i lose all my chat now it suddenly force shutdown and wont launch again after the force shutdown .
i can't open this app , i have instal more that one time . but this app didn't work in my phone . may i get solution for this problem cause i can't register .
can wechat team guide me how to delete my we chat account .
to everyone .
cannot open this file after instal please hellp i love this apss very mmuucch .
we chat .
hope make notification from reply moment please .
love it .
yes it be .
we chat .
can you fix it . because it doesnt to want appear when i want to use it .
the new update be not work properly can't hear voice msg can't open pic before everything be perfect but now its like the worst app for me so kindly show ur concern about my probs . after this will definetly gonna rate .
lot's of bug's need to fix when i shake every time get someone from other country's not from india .
wechat really help with kill time when other people post moment about their live . one thing i strongly dislike be the fact that i can't change my username nor delete an account . this create a lot of dead account . so please improve on that .
love it .
have to reinstall . each time i opem the app , it go back to my home screen . uninstalled , reinstall it again . then , it wont open my moment . bug please fix it , thank .
nice apps .
why its show my cell number be invalid . adrwise my number be correct .
free chat .
get lock out for my protection and my country isnt on the dropdown list on the confirmation page so i cant send the code to my phone and i only have one phone numb and cant make another acc . this suck plz solve it .
it may have some flaw but it's an okay app .
why can't support wechat out call in new version .
when you will release wechat with material design we love material design . please make it . love you .
very good .
everytime i open my wechat and leave it for awhile , i cannot refresh my moment , can't get the new upcoming chat . it's very irritate .
i've try for day to sign up but it won't send me the sms and keep put my country as canada when i'm in usa and i've try contact you but haven't hear anything . please help .
i don't know how to update my display picture .
so good .
how be it possible that i still get message frm block contact . even aftr report also pls wrk on it .
cannot upload prerecord video .
it's okey go i use the voice of wechat and i have a question'how cant i fine a wechat throw bottle on wechat .
very good .
can't send any pic or voice msg and nothing appear on discover .
i love it .
its okey .
voicecall alway go off by no reason .
cannot use sticker .
my phone get break and i send it to repair , it format my phone and that cause all my chat be go please improve this .
this apps a go i send chat to my friend that time be line very slow then my chat can t be to send i hope please update this apps please .
disappoint there be no verification code send to me i ve try more than 5 time but there be no message no call .
i like it .
i hate this app some one persion mis use lady image wechat can't consentrate . i want delete conduct friend . list i have no memory that persion name and i'd so i be very sad . my feel like me what can i do please help me please help me wechat please consentrate my feel please help me .
love it .
wechat how can i use my stereo bluetooth headset on wechat .
thank for the application .
i have update my mobile to android 6 after that wechat could not work .
not bad .
this app be bore try and myk it to include many thing such as video calng use data n .
please detect the person who be use my account .
i love it very much very . much .
use for few year , get some problem be , even you be delete you message at wechat , but still get record at folder , make it start laggy if ignore it .
it's cool .
unable to wechat out call .
gud app .
i want a friend girl who can give me love trout life beautifully .
year now and i can't verify my account . suck .
no last time online or read report .
love it so much i miss my friend . with wechat . i can video call with my friend i lovee this app .
it fun . but some time it can't not open . and i need to uninstall it and install it again . please fix it . i really like this apps .
itz so cool .
people nearby unable to work . try re instal the app but still same happen . always say unable to . lod your location data go back and try again .
awesome and best way to connect with people and friend as well as but it be not help to call and video chat when we be use shake option so please update it as soon as possible .
good but not for me .
suddenly l can't load my friend and my moment what the problem .
y can't call wechat out call plz tell me .
like this .
not bad .
fix bug .
i liket . so i install .
i use the app once and for the second time it ask me to recover my account that i be use fake app or something .
appreciate that could have option for local backup and restore which more convenient for factory reset such as backup to sd card , usb or local drive have option for rotate or crop photo to get the photo in right position view .
keep receive inappropriate content , why don't create filter for the user thank you .
i still love it but can't log in it always say not exist .
very usefull here in china .
i only use this app but my account be ban for use a 3rd party app . totally useless .
good to be chat .
it work well on my old android tablet nexus 7 but the word error keep show up , unable to open wechat in my new acer table .
it's well preferable in access of chat n a lot of fun be also in it too .
wechat be a brilliant free texting app .
amazingly superbb . literally best way to connect wit people . and yeah i do agree with dis word all in one . u dnt need to go else whr to tok and chat . dey r actually provide grt feature fr us . i love it bcoz it have help me to find my soulmate . hahaha .
i will give 5 star but everytime i try to upload a video always crash . that video be just 16 sec please give me the reason .
i love you .
i cant verify my friend photo because there be no photo . fix it .
very slow when update app . i hate this .
please update my wechat please .
sadly , whn i cnt login to my own wechat , need verify my friend photo . how can i recognize or remember my friend picture sometime they not use own picture . and sometimes i dont ever remember wht my friend id or name . please i also put my friend 5 wechat number , it also useless . i think i want deactivate my accout try other app . please . i hope u guy can solve my problem .
we chat be use cheap trick now . i get a message say i will get free 50rs recharge if i will msg to anyone within 48 hrs . such a disgust cheap trick . f k yu developer . middle fingle to we chat team , . i .
disgust while sign up , i didn't get sms or automate call to verify my number .
its very helpful to thise people who r in long disstances .
love it .
i like wechat .
luv it but i could probably get sumthing better .
why the chat backup function miss .
why my account have be put on protect status and can you elaborate what be insecure behaviour i'm not even message anyone yet . have do nothing except create an account . delete it because do not use it . and now when i instal it back , that message appear and you want me to fill up that form to reactivate my account back when i've do nothing wrong .
love it .
very good .
because its to slow .
i love it .
i have instal many time but still after log in it will force stop . everytime .
i love you .
the sight function doesn't work , sometimes on my phone . also . when open a sight from my friend's post it show video error . hah .
those unwanted contact remain in the contact list forever without the delete function and become messy , just wonder why such a simple function be not include in this app .
couldn't use the app at all , it wouldn't text or call the require verification code . do not use this app , it's garbage .
i love it .
this be the worst app i have come across to register . add 3 photo of friend do not show any of my frieds photo .
improve it and it will be perfect .
why not double the gif row for tablet . much easier to select favorite gif icon .
nice app .
i cant install this app . dont know what the problem .
sometimes not good for vedeocall .
nice app .
after my phone restart from an android update i can no longer use wechat . it keep indicate it canmot connect to server .
nice app .
my device do not show we chat out option . why .
wechat be the best app .
i be nothing without we chat .
very poor apps , can't open or get people nearby , always tell me no location find after open my gps location , my wifi . infact very poor .
please fix it . i can't c the moment update sometimes . i don't know what happen but please fix it as soon as possible .
can you give us a chance to change our id my id be ugly , really . many user want to change their id too . for the 2nd time , i mean . please . make it can change , its fine if only one time .
the world be progressively advance in idealogy .
if this app wont open then y the hell it show compablty fr my cell .
so its mean i can not get back my wechat acc . can i get wechat any old version on my phone . help me if you can .
u should update to many account on 1 number . not 1 number for each account .
plz my suggestion be must be use thisapp .
my shake use to work good . but now its say no result find try again later . what should i do .
nice app .
love it .
this app be simply fantastic .
5 star .
somehow , whenever i open up moment and check who have like or comment on my post , it'll re start my tab .
now i can chat with my friend anytime .
the program run fast when download but slow in picture content .
i be on blisspop 5 . 3 unofficial and voice call and record be not work at all please fix it otherwise great overall performance . btw its lollipop 5 . 1 . 1 .
nak download we chat .
cauze . the wechat make me happy .
love it .
hi , after my android update to marshmallow 6 . 0 we chat be not open . i update we chat to recent update but then also not work only black screen show . please help .
nice app .
title say it all . if i only get notification when i open an app . how would it even help me i get message delay for day .
nice apps .
easy to share everythng wit frnd .
i cant send my inages to others . after 11 its show send fail what go on . i give it one star . first solve my problem .
these app won't work for you so well .
it keep say code and i put it and it say that's wrong .
not to bad .
new version be suck , can't connection to internet and always disconnect and not connect automatically , i instal the old version its more cool and fast , never disconnect .
love it .
it's great .
good app .
so good but should add more sticker .
how come i can't update to version 6 . 3 i'm still on 6 . 2 . 5 , wth .
try 1st then give comment .
it cpys tango facebook and a little bite of snapchat and kick wow cant find other good apps a lot thatvr safe and origanall .
hye . why i can't download wechat i show error to download . plise help me .
i can find my nearby chik he .
wechat be a perfect app .
wechat keepa crash when i use live chat .
why i can't change my wechat name it's so badd .
photo send problem , people nearby doesn't work most time . fuking application .
l do not know how the hell to download this app which keep ask for the right code and capcha code or anyother requirement to get this app to work . can l delete the old app and start a new app .
its a crap no verification code offer be disgust . take 20min just operate on verification code . argh .
this be very fabulously app .
we chat out doesn't support in india worst app ever .
very good .
it so great .
how be you all friend .
i love it .
so good .
because its to slow .
so nice .
good search for new frnds .
the radar doesn't appear me .
so good .
very good app for chat its a god app .
what happen can't install this . why .
worth a hundred cent , not just 10 cent .
poor video call , moon logo always appear for long time , it take time to add or search , very bad , cannot open wechat immediately , 2 thumb down ,
love it .
u change the set and remove the de activate . how can i create a my new account and de activate the old one if you remove how tonde activate . before only there under to log out but now its go . woh its get worst .
can't open this app .
i like it .
why cannot play .
there be no backup button for me to back up my message when i go to cloud migration .
it have problem get location .
unable to find backup button yo backup my chat lo , pls assist tq .
please fix it .
love it .
recently i'm have trouble post moment . i have to try a few time until it get post . i know it have nothing to do with my internet connection because i still get quite a lot of quota when i try post moment .
really gud .
its not allow me to send photo .
when open we chat get screen ads . please stop this .
fast , comfortable n easy .
real cool .
i download we chat recently but application don't show near by option in it plz help me find that tab .
please check the problem for me , it be can't work .
nice app .
hw come my wechat cannot login and i reinstall back cannot download .
i have a friend in wechat , by shake , but i have open another id , now how can i get my friend plez i want a solution .
heavy app , not efficient , slow .
need update but i love it .
no comment .
hope more to come .
why take too long time for log in to my ac please fix it . i use a rare phone experia mini z 10 .
i want search near by option but in my account it be not show . do needful asap .
after recent update its not open in my mob .
i'm not sure what happen . the translate feature fail for 2 or 3 day . i be use a third party app to translate . today the translate work perfectly . i'm not sure what change but i be satisfy again this app be amaze when all function work properly i can talk to friend in china and i don't speak chinese , quite amaze indeed .
good be very good so much good .
when i use this app my friend send me a voice message push to talk , when i touch and this app start to crash and i open this app its just black screen i cant do anything , so i get to reinstall everytime please fix this .
nice app .
suggestion please add some feature like you will see if the person be online and if they already read the message . also the time of each message as i be use this app daily rather than the other chat application . thank again and more power .
i want fast download app wechat for chat have it .
like it .
not compatible with asus fonepad 7 .
every time wechat update all my message have be go , why you have to delete it .
unable to get people from india . hopeless feautre .
i'm happy when i'm use wechat .
log out by itself . and cnt open my account anymore how many time i try to retrieve but still cant open .
this be fourth time . i reinstall the wechat . cause its not work properly . also cnt update itself at moment n msg too .
it be good .
no option for deactivate account .
i can't chat with people . better delete it or not download it again .
i'm a new user and i'm discourage already .
interest and excite .
im have trouble sign in . its say that my account be lock and it tell me to recover my password , but its not let me due to that fact that i have only just recently recover it .
the best app for chat ,
from last 3 or 4 day its not work properly with wifi . its very slow .
why i cant open my wechat use data connection . it only can be open by wifi . fix this please . i very love use wechat .
why i cant install wechat with asus zenfone 5 anymore why be not compatible .
need post a video it will be more fun we can put viral video or vine at the moment .
where be deactivate option . plz tell me .
video call too good in this app as compare other apps .
this the worst one i already uninstall it .
very nice .
hi . my name in group be not appear . please help . i try to solve this problem but still cant .
its nice .
love it .
like it .
can't send pic , sight and vids . can't change dp . can't dl new sticker . why .
like it .
its very helpful but if we uninstall the message will delete .
i cant download an image or video from the other . it show unable to download image . please fix this problem .
forget my password . the verification process keep deny me . and the photo to verify don't pop up .
i love it .
back day everything be good . till recently i cant video call my friend . i can see pop up that tell they call me but when i choose answer it just go blank . even the voice message that i send . my friend will receive an empty voice message . please tell me where the prob exactly . its frustrate .
the app say people be 5km away but they actually 10km away or 20km away i only want to see people close to me not in a other state .
nice app .
i love wechat until a few day ago when all my message show as send and i can't send anything and can't receive any message please fix .
i haven't use wechat and want to cancel . you have to do ridiculous step of erase your history and then email them . i email them 3 time and no response . it's stupid in itself , it should be part of the app . don't get it .
it be ok and easy to connect with your friend when ever you want .
it always be crack pic . and it say unable to download it . plus when it could download it if i save it on my phone it would be crack too . why .
where be see option for msging .
not bad .
nice app . keep connect w8 friend .
meet with new people and enjoy .
its ok . but why sometimes its not free chat and use it be it really free or it need wifi or data to use .
love it will help u to connect thru ur friend overseas nice but sometimes its eroring .
not bad .
restore and backup be not work . what to do now .
nice . but if i clear my wechat from storage cause my internal storage full . i'll lose some of my wechat friend huhuhu .
its useless .
nice app .
maybe we could try add people thru their username . and add a mutual friend number or such .
this wechat be my favourite app . i love you .
i like this app .
it really help many ppl get connect . thx to the application .
send cv to hroffice4141 g20 . cc .
i can't find anyone to chat with .
i think its not too bad and not too good . because i can't mention my friend in my status but my other friend can mention . so i want to update more .
i think , for wechat moment , the duration of the sight need to be add , or moment can upload a video at least several minute , or unlimited .
its a cool app . love it .
love it .
cannot go into bcuz stick at the home screen .
i find my love here , thank wechat .
i can no longer translate my message , please help and i will rate 5 star .
great app .
can't go under ur own profile and delete the account . this be not what i think it would be .
i cannot download this app into my asus fonepad 7 . anroid 5 . 0 . why .
can make a moment with voice .
very nice .
i love it .
can't use voice massage , it show wechat deny to use voice recorder .
so fast successful after send the moment .
i always need picture to make moment . some people don't need a picture to make moment .
love it .
my friend and i use this app daily . mostly for the translator , which once again be not work . also the translate and delete text be way too close together . message have be lose because of this placement . i cant play the game because they be not available in my country . i love that i can carry my conversation right to my computer . i dont like that conversation be not right at the computer screen wait to be pick up . also why scan in a log in would be just as easy or better .
but sometimes can't traslate .
dont get it suck and stupidest app ever .
not bad .
doesn't want to download on my tablet .
it use to work but lately translate keep fail every time . please fix it .
i cant make my profile picture that i save from tumblr fix it .
translate fail . please try again please help . reply please , why all of a sudden this happen .
like it .
love the different emoticon and sticker . one bad thing be that i don't get notify for my call and message when i get them , only when i open the app all the message will be receive and i be sometime too late to reply an urgent message call . all my setting be on default . so pls fix this asap . thank u in advance . update do the troubleshoot and it seem to have solve the problem . thank .
good play store for new provide app for us and .
love it .
u guy remove the best feature of the app and that be people near by . i be use note 3 and the version of we chat i be use can only search people wen you shake it . i hope u need to work on that .
when we do voice chat in this out it's can't able to save on memory location , chat voice in once person to other person it's not transfer .
why sony ericson w8 can't open it please fix it .
this app be so awsome .
at the time of make call its show call fail . pls fix it up .
love it . until it start consistently be unable to translate chinese to english . i keep get an error message to try again later . nexus 5 .
nice app .
hey i be unable to open it , after download when i try to open it show the moon page only no further moment so please guide me . thnks .
it's cool .
problem be both camera of my phone be so dark while have video call . im have this problem only with wechat app . please fix it .
not bad .
can't play video from friend's upload . please fix this .
that's good .
very good .
we chat .
and icon look retard .
next update please set switch account can use log in via voiceprint thank you .
sometimes my device didn't work properly . i get irritate with this . please make it more stable .
like it .
i love it .
no sound on speaker and bluetooth headset and noise call come when i call after lollipop update , can help me please what can i do . asap . i use asus fonepad7 .
when the call end a sound come which wil surely damage my ear someday . please fix .
awesome app .
can no longer create group since this morning , or add people to exist one . far too behind .
por i can't download wechat with even a gig .
every time i open my wechat , i will get this word the app wechat process com . tencent . have violate its self enforce strict mode policy , need help please , sorry bad english .
slow . i can't see any moment from my friend .
love it .
the walkie talkie cannot respond .
i can't send my chat . how can i fix this .
i really enjoy this app .
resume back . the cloud upload . this feature be usefull .
when im log in . be ok . but when im log out . it keep on mention that unfortunately google have stop what mean what should i do hp problem or my wechat n i format all tiz . n i download again still the same . plz help me . all my fren at wechat . plz update faster . i love play wechat . coz very private . tq .
unable to add new friend . unable to send new friend request . and no one have ever receive my request . wow .
very good at all time .
how to send lucky money .
i m use galaxy s4 n when i want to backup chat history i cant find the backup button . after press chat log migration button it come out cloud migration migrate to other phone . thn after press cloud migration it oni come out restore n there be a description say press back button enable chat log migration . solve tis plss .
can you add audio and music share in moment .
nice and great to young people who want to chat or voice call .
love it .
wechat be too bore for me . i prefer whatsapp than this .
very good app .
always not respond . and cannot send recieve a single message . and cannot load moment too . i keep reinstall but still the same . and sometimes very hard to download back . please fix all the issue i really want to use wechat don't just reply to my feedback , but do something about it .
why i cant hear when my fren send me voice mail . and my video no sound . pls plsp fix this now tq .
love it .
may i know what be the problem with this application . always stop .
nice app .
connect with my global family friend ever day . love it .
love it .
now this app run slow . can't search in near area .
after my phone update to the new version the translator stop work . will only translate one or two character simplify chinese . not happy .
freeze at start screen moon with man .
if translation work i will rate 5 star .
its a good app . but must fix some bug .
lovely app . wechat be a must .
not bad .
it's a good chat site .
wow . like chat be happy .
traslantor not work pls fix it asap . thnks .
why i can't view the picture or photo at the moment thks .
after upgrade , all of my emoticon go miss . all picture be unviewable . pls check , my current android version 5 . 1 . 1 .
you guy should add the function when be the last time they log in and whether they have read our message . that would be so much better . that be only my suggestion .
why my phone doesn't have wechat 6 . 3 .
easy to use .
after update , all my picture and sticker be go . wth .
not bad .
always hang , sometimes it cannot work properly .
i love it .
cant open any picture or video i receive nor can i send picture or video .
awesome app .
i cant open my wechat . always show the moon and moon . why .
this app be horrible i couldn't even text my friend it be the worst app ever . i be go to uninstall this app it's horrible i'm go to tell my friend about it ugh .
it's okay if you didn't put bluetick like function , or type . function . but please , make pop up notification at the homescreen for moment .
wow so cool to chat on my phone .
the best wechat .
wow it's an awesome app .
hey i just format my phone yesterday and i downlode we chat back and it keep on force stop and than i uninstalled and install back again it's still same what should i do to solve this problem thank .
use the translation make me confuse about the language . please fix it . thank .
great i love it i can keep in touch with friend .
i love it .
there shuld be more emojis like as we have in whatsapp nd the status tht we keep be to be type or copy paste again nd again instead lyk in whtsapp the list appear of recent status wechat shuld also contain it plzz add this feature to give it a 5 star .
cool thank for the first time in the next few day .
this be cool .
how to see which friend online which offline .
i update to the latest version and its use up most of the battery power . please fix this issue .
i like this app because it's so journey . and , i think . this app need to up the function like need to fast internet or free for anything . okay .
love it .
i can't translate the language of the msg .
please fix the bug in the translation that just start 15 min ago . won't translation no more .
so many time im try to make video call when i'm try error come wlan be not available say me how shoul d i make the video call .
like it .
the way make friend .
great apps .
for some reason , i stop get push notification . i don't know when ppl be call me . i have to open the app , and only then all the new content show up after a few second . how do i fix this my other chat apps still get push notification , so it's not my phone .
it say my account have be log into an unofficial version of we chat and it keep tell invalid phone number in the account recovery even though i've practically try every one i have .
wechat suck .
its very nice app but their be not many people connect to this . otherwise its an awesome app .
like the app just that i don't use it often . in all its a great app .
some time network issue .
i can't reinstall this app . what should i do .
like it .
its ok .
i would to like this app .
i don't know how to i explain . i just want to say . it's oveerall best from other apps . i love it .
i love it .
i love it .
good apps for community .
hello i already try to back up through wechat window as you say but still cant back up . it say that connect phone use cable and back up . but i still cannot it cannot detect my phone note 2 . pls help thank .
i love .
extremely good .
the apps not respond . it be stick at the earth logo . please fix this . im use the samsung young .
i have delated my wechat app , then i download the app again , then unfortunately i click that i m not priya ahmad sorry for that , how can i get my last id please its very important for me please i need help .
can't to find my location and another application can do that , why i really don't know .
new version be not work in samsung galaxy plz suggest .
i have recently reformatted my phone , and instal again the wechat . unfortunately , same problem appear . there's no ask me whether log in or sign up . it's just a man star at earth only , and not bring me the next that should be . please fix it . thank you .
i love it , but sometimes i hate it hahahaha .
love it .
i hate this .
too bad why my wechat cant open hope u fix this problem .
the apps be great for contact friend , family , and others again .
please fix this app so that i can help my brother to log in we chat .
please keep me log in so that i will rate u five star i just instal we chat and i have to wait for so long .
this app be good even alot better than viber . i dont know if its just because i recently work in saudi but this app seem be use as cyber sex app . whenever i shake and find people who shake too or nearby . they right away masturbate when start call . it think its all from every where .
love it .
i be reinstall this app but unfortunely cant install because a pop pup that appear say the package be invalid . so , how should i do .
sometimes it show wechat isn't respond . this be sad .
i love it .
exceptional service .
nice to use the wechat app .
nice app .
thank you we chat because of you i finally find my forever love you be bless to me keep up the good work .
always don't find location . another apps all be work location . but be problem .
nice when it work . my wechat actually work one day . but then my account get restrict over night and after send appeal i receive email in chinese , mean roughly push off .
good for everyone community .
good useful . wow .
wechat team please help . i receive bundle of sms for verification . turn off n uninstall the application but still receive the sms . so bad .
great tool .
awsome . do everything .
i cant make wechat out call can any one help me . my phone not show wechat out button .
notification be sometimes late and startup time for the app be also slow .
like it .
i have my friend id and stuff but i cant seem to add them it just say it the id doesn't exist .
best app in the world .
nice app .
i'm glad that it have become a better service and i love it .
it be a very old version in india because we don't have some function like red envelope and etc .
it be not work on my phone from few week . it hang a lot . so will see 01 day more and will uninstall it .
problem be both camera of my phone be so dark while have video call . im have this problem only with wechat app . please fix it .
i cant even create an account .
very useful .
but i can't send the pic and can not open the pic in dis version . improve dis issue .
it's a cool app to chat someone n find friend for near by u .
i enjoy to this app .
love it .
simply unparallel for wechat out but it seem not all mobile device be suitable for version 6 . 3 also , playback sound of video will disappear after use wechat out which i will have to reboot my hp in order to get it work again .
love it .
amaze i saw it so now i be try to download it but i need more airtime .
wechat download be get slower n slower . fix it plz . it's hard for me to work .
this app doesn't exist in my cell phone . sony xperia t20 .
good application .
iam not get the option of people near by rather than its a good app . many of my friend have the option of people near by but its not display me . please help me to get that option or else i will uninstall this application .
love it becz its video call be so most .
it doesnt open . it only show the open picture that be earth .
i can't log in to wechat after i update this version . i lose all of my contact .
i love but it take too much space .
good friend wechat .
this be nice .
love the sticker .
too bad .
i download the current version of wechat cause i have to uninstall it and i access the chat back up . it can only restore past chat that i save but i can no longer see any back up function beside the restore button . actually , i also try migrate my chat log via window chat as an alternative . but the problem be that the instruction aren't in english so i have a difficulty understand the image provide with the write instruction .
before i update , i can play but after update cant open this app why .
so nice app to find new frnds .
excellent app .
i would like to know if it be possible to use we chat lucky money in india how to collect the lucky money send from china in india will it be ever launch in india .
10 of 10 best app ever .
the font style that i instal be not able to show in wechat . hope wechat will improve . thank you .
really lv it .
cool app , no mishap yet . love it .
very good .
i can chat with my group classmate .
your sticker be removable by clean master . please fix . please . it's not like i should put wechat into the ignore list , coz i need to clean app cache .
icon be not good no show when some one be type .
it be so good .
i love it .
why everytime i open wechat i cant log in please fix this problem . im samsung quattor user .
cant sign in after new download in other phone i cant use my old profile .
nothing to . say .
i like it .
people dont follow any people if he wont your numbur he just take your phone and just run .
hi , why my phone not compatible to install wechat before this i install no problem , but after i format my phone i cannot install the apps again .
the moment didnt appear sometimes . i've uninstall it twice .
please solve me my problem , today morning time i have call but , afternoon time i can't call , please help me dear .
its not work .
so much time to waste . i cant open it anymore .
wechat be cumbersome , and the platform be not open . btw the chinese police spy on every chat .
very good .
why not backup my msg history . why not show backup option .
every thing be good at the begin i start use wechat . the feature that i like the most be the sticker gallery . it's cute . but now i realize that wechat be drain my battery so much . i find out it keep awake use wakelock detector . i then try to greenify it and force stop it , dont use it for a wholeday , my battery go back to normal . the other thing be my last backup be go , i try to backup again but the backup button disapeared too , its only restore button there . hope fix . keep it up , developer .
i like it .
easy to access .
i can't connect with my friend cause wechat be always stick in the pic of the earth . what should i do i use a samsung galaxy young .
forcibly log me out and the tell me i'm use an unofficial version of the app . my account be lock and it give me an error when i try to recover it , say that my phone number isn't available . i only have one phone number . why be i not able to recover my account with the phone number it be start with .
unable to install wechat say your phone be not compatible .
like it .
i have mail a lot of time to their mail id . they never reply . china ka nakli mal and app be also like this . nakli app .
good alternative to whatsapp .
i can't install this app , whyy .
no wallet icon .
i cannot see the wallet option in 6 . 3v my freind have 6 . 1 he have this option in his whatsapp how can i get this option .
but recently the time be not pare with local time .
i don't know how many time i have to uninstalled and instal back this app so that it will keep function .
it be very nice app and have very handy feature .
with ma friend .
i want update this . but cant .
because no read indicator . it's cool and deferent other apps .
love it .
the best .
its good but can be better .
i create an account when i be in china with my u . s . phone number . it work for a few hour , but then it get block , and i have not be able to unlock it even after try many time , even after return to the u . s . it be a pity because i know many people who use and love this application .
its good .
love it . its more private .
why it be incompatible with my device it be asus zenfone 4 .
bluetooth heatset be from plantronics . its okay with normal call and ip call . why the wechat programmer never ever check the bluetooths function it have buggy since v6 . 0 .
why it stick at moon pic . i'm really like use this app . before this i can use it , but when i install back it stick at moon pic . please help . i will rate 5star if i can use it . i need asap . tq .
in my phone one function be miss and that be people nearby function how be this can any one can help me please .
hey plz upgrade it for the marshmallow version of android . have upgrade my android and can't use wechat coz it be design for the older version of android . can't access any medium file . plz do it fast .
this be very good .
my friend have a drift bottle in their wechat but i dont have it . please tell me how can i have it . need some help here .
great app .
good app .
i want my old acc please . please give me my old acc .
wth i cant even download at all .
welcome to china's biggest malicious software .
before the lastest update work great . please fix it asap . i'll give five star if you fix .
i hate new version because its auto search at people nearby when i at people nearby and auto refresh when i at moment .
so nice .
how to unlink mobile number in wechat .
nice app .
it be good but the problem be too slow for example upload photo , moment and texting . it always need high connection .
most of android phone use wechat become slow and stick . please solve this .
please place in the see or read feature for message and a mute button for vid call otherwise , happy with wechat . good job .
thank for provide backup by use window wechat . really appreciate your reply and your fast support .
my family n friend never stop use this app .
i can't send out any message after update . do try resend many time , but keep show send icon and error then .
after i update wechat i can't view some of my friend post image or sight at moment seem the image crash turn to black . please kindly fix this problem .
good for people .
great program . thank a lot . it's the best application can use .
awesome n fun .
be the awesome .
and find my new friend . thank a lot .
what a great .
another great ten cent product . keep me and the wife in touch wherever there's wifi and regardless of which country we be each in .
nice one .
nice app .
my voice record be out of function . msg prompt out say this function be block by other app . what be that .
i can chat with my friend , cousin and many more .
there be no direct recharge offer in the wereward offer so please in the next update give the direct recharge offer in the wereward offer .
hw i have to change a new account with new i'd . plz let me know .
rubbish app people be fake .
actually , my old moment take a long time to load . and it not appear till now . same with others moment .
great app .
can see the sight .
that be good .
this be my fav apps . thank wechat .
good application . need to add filter for shake result .
faltu for this version .
its ok .
when i saw my group 0 message then i press in . z . i saw 5xx message . becuz u didnt update it . beside if my fred emergency to find i oso cnt see it . go fix it i will gv 5 star .
ow so nice .
it be so awesome i reccomend it .
there be no option for remove account .
after i update it cannot open the app at all .
it keep on mention that unfortunately , wechat have stop . what's go on i need back my account .
cant load my moment n send chat , i always install and uninstall wechat but still remain the same why .
i dont why its disapear frm my phone and when i try to install it say couldnt install .
this app be a top notch , love it like anything .
nice app to connect to the world . but its too lag n quality be dull instead of other app .
if they add the see or msge be read this will be great or on line .
great app but . can i suggest to make a chat head for us to use some other apps easily while use wechat as well . but . overall . goodjob developer .
the backup feature be miss for the last version . i be use htc m8 . all my other phone with old wechat version still work properly with backup feature . pls fix it asap .
nice app .
good app we chat .
excellent , but for unknown people come to our contact list .
i instal wechat earlier today but be already lock out of my account since i be log into an unofficial wechat app this one and account recovery won't allow my phone number . when create a new account , the app tell me my phone number be already register . very disappoint .
good app .
yes it be .
there be not any option to deactivate account . if there be . then tell me how can i do .
exellentapp to connect with family and friend .
i love it .
if there be a no star . i will choose it . it become slower and also it restart .
more friend we can have in this application .
why we can not backup our history anymore . what if i only need to format my phone not change to a new one migrate to another phone be a bad solution . please fix .
i very love it for my wechat tq .
still didn't fix i don't receive notification when i use other app . damn you guy be lazy .
it , s easy to use not so bed . simply nice .
when i open this app , it keep kick me out , before that it will stick like an idiot fix it now i can't make a memorable moment or sentap moment .
status could not be change after i edit it , change profile picture will wait forever and cover photo will turn into low pixel pic even for hd 1920x1080 picture while change cover . pls fix this thank .
this app everything very well , awesome work helpful . i love it .
i absolutely luv this app it keep me in touch with friend and family and so many cool thing like walkie talkie and voice text and face call . highly recommend to family and friend .
i wish have different font to apply .
would like a repeat limit put on sticker though .
can't get people of my country .
good app .
i can't install this app .
please tell me how can i delete my account you will introduce deletion option in later version , but there must be some way to delete it right now .
if can update for the better .
i can only post sigth and photo wht i cant post word please help me and i give 5 star .
awesome app .
it's not bad .
previously it be nice after update it become worse not able to hear opposite person voice in voice call also please update read report .
best app ever .
it work fine even on lower android version .
notification not work , please fix it .
i really love it .
very interest message system . and very good way to communicate .
i have forget my password and have to reset it with a confirmation sms , which i do . but now i'm receive a reset password sms every hour for no apparent reason , even though i have reset it only once the aforementioned time . please check your api and service and resolve this issue .
i like this app .
i download this app but the code do not come i rwally want this app but it suck .
very good .
love it .
not able to see who all be online . please update this in your next version .
i love this app so much 3 .
nice app .
recently my wechat get problem . all picture and vedeo send by people cannot be open all show damage . even im re install it be still the same problem incur . hope it can be solve .
i love this app and have use this for 3 year and then one day i uninstal it and instal it back . and it only show the front display only and won't let me log in . i think i spend my day wait for moon and a person display to disappear .
give a nice experience with friend .
why my handphone can't use this application .
i have problem with my shake , why i only get guy in shake , it's be 3 day like this , please do something about this , it's make me feel so gay o .
its be show error .
easy for all . simply put .
i don't like the way they make it and include its only guy on here how do i deactivate it won't let me find the deactivation .
it dosen't download only .
i recently update my wechat . due to insufficient storage , i also have to clear data before proceed for new update . unfortunately , after successful update , i cannot log in . i have try few time , shut down my phone before log in , clear data , re install , but still cannot log in . it's just appear a man see the earth only please take note and fix it . i need to communicate with my other colleague chat group for information . update as per suggestion , i have try but still cannot log in . re install useless .
when post image on an android device , the image quality will turn out bad . please fix .
make me have so many friend .
the app have a lot of feature and link to the most important social medium network around .
me and my friend like wechat but if we search for friend so we don't know who be online wechat don't show that who be the line please do it .
love it .
i forget my password . so i want make a new id but when i open my we chat it keep crash . please help me .
this app use up so much battery , even i log off the account .
the best app in world .
i'm really regret it now i cn't use wechat at all . it dn't work after i update . i be repeat install and uninstall but it still same . i love wechat . so i hope u can solve this problem .
i didn't launch the wechat app , but it's drain a significant amount of my phone's battery . not good .
message not come in , no notification until go in . have to go in and check all time like nothing else to do . uninstalled n reinstal still the same . do all set as per advice . still same .
please look into the matter . as right after update til now all image in wechat whether send or receive or even on the moment be all break image . besides , now i can't even send a voice message in chat . it cause worse experience . kindly fix it as soon as possible please . thank .
this be very best app . people nearbye and shak option be very best .
please give a new look to wechat . bore to see the old design . n 1 request . pls make the profile pic lock . like instagram . so others cant save the our pic without our knowledge . and make the profile pic invisible to those in block list . for some safety reason . thank you . otherwise . i love this app . and pls set last see option . and cant add email to the link account . it say server failure . pls fix that too . otherwise i love this app .
i have change my fone and when i want to log in on my new fone the friend verification do not work .
i get a samsung galaxy 6 edge and i an unable to verify my account . it won't load the profile picture to verify . now won't even get me to that screen very frustrate can't login .
how can i make 2 wechat .
bakwas app even i be not able to send message to my friend after have a 3g network .
i love this app , when i be travel on different country this be how i stay in touch .
like it easy way to make friend .
it's a great app but after the update some of the image and video do not show . please fix .
app be great except video chat do not support video orientation so it be always stick in portrait mode and will not rotate to landscape mode .
this app not to bad , but sometime very slow to open .
all be miss be a read indicator then it would be 5 star .
when send out message in a group or directly , please design a comfirmation , should i send out wrong thing , it should have a way to delete , last time i send pic by mistake and long hold to delete , but the message be still be send out and i do not have a chance to delet them . the delete be mislead name and should allow longer time to recall wrong message , well if this get improve , i will chang my rat .
love it .
more suck .
not show near by or discover feature option . what should i do for that .
long live the wechat lol .
make an update for the moment like for public everyone will see who like the moment . i will rate 5 star fpr it .
love it .
i have forget my password and have to reset it with a confirmation sms , which i do . but now i'm receive a reset password sms every hour for no apparent reason , even though i have reset it only once the aforementioned time . please check your api and service and resolve this issue or i'll have to take legal action .
love it .
this app allow me to stay connect to family friend . my brother live in china . far away from home . this app keep up connect . thank u we chat .
after update can't find people from nearby , people can't also find me by people nearby i don't know what to do .
well it be good but sticker can b make more funny n attractive . if they can .
i use to like this app . i talk to my best friend who stay far off use we chat . however these day we face a lot of problem chat . message never reach the other person sometimes . sometimes i get the message in a jumble order . and the app have get laggy . please repair
be this app available compatible with acer jade z because it doesn't want to install . keep get error code 24 .
why wechat can not see people online .
i can't connect with my friend cause wechat be always stick in the pic of the moon . what should i do i use a samsung galaxy young .
love it .
love ds app .
very well .
my first .
can help me please .
two star for this application .
4 star's .
my wechat shake be not work properly . when i shake no result . try again . plz resolve my wechat problam . plz resolve my shake problam .
say to be not wechat friend which make me unable to call . but only the other party can call me . wth .
if only wechat could come out with a smaller size , it will be perfect .
i lovw it .
fix this .
i really love it .
nice app .
i want more frnd here .
this app be a nightmare , it censor your message for the chinese dictator . also it run slowly and consume your resource in background for unknown reason . furthermore , it overwhelm you with lot of unblockable advertisement from the wechat team . for those who love freedom and liberty , please use something else .
it have a quality picture .
nice app .
it suck i have to have a code .
because it help me to make new friend with new knowledge .
now i cant save picture that i send on my moment .
i can not install this app . please help me . the url that you share can not be open .
it's work now . so , i'm happy now . battery drain be still somewhat of an issue though . thank .
useless . u make it so impossibe to earn anything ur game be difficult . u want me to earn 88 point in 10 sec . the wechat app have refuse me sign up , and u know it be impossible to sign up .
i like it but not much sorry there's nothing new which can make it better .
whenever i try to signup on wechat . an error of invalid number pop up on screen . what should i do .
i love you .
wish be can change the id name .
this app be awesome . it's more advance chat with this app . the background be an experience of smart life .
why my wechat apps can't use camera .
i love it .
why can't to downlond the wechat .
what happen why i can't backup to the cloud , it ask me tp enable something but there be no option for me to enable at all remain 1 star until you fix the bug thank .
very good .
we chat .
nice apps .
love it .
it be a goo app .
unable to log in 5 , 1 what just happen to my account , it force me log out and i now can't log in it be important to me for work , help me and i will rate 5 star . help me please . i have reinstall and restart my handphone and use sms log in and all don't work .
i'm not sure if it work on other android phablets but it doesn't on my tab a 9 . 7 .
lab date .
hope you can consider on create delete account function instead of just log out . some of us don't want to log in to the same account . we want to create new account with new id . please do consider because other apps have that function e . g line .
great app for keep in touch with friend .
i love the way people connect here . but sometimes its hard to find who be online n who have leave we chat . if you could introduce this feature , this app would be phenomenal .
in my sony smart phone . hd picture . when upload it . the image not hd like in my phone . fix this . all about hd and picture look like good and very well .
good but server not fast , please fix bug .
phone call from we chat not support in samsung galaxy tab 4 7 . 0 , if its support than will rate it 5 star .
very good .
better . we can connect people easily but i think this apps need more update . so we want to improve this app .
love it very much .
great app .
i rarely receive ady notification and it shut down on its own every time i try to open the app .
we chat user want net free we chat hope we chat can give it .
my wechat shake be not work properly . when i shake noresult . try again . plz reslove my wechat problam . again this problam here plz reslove . again these problam plz reslove it .
can you update wechaf for new improvement like know someone who be online and offline . if you update this feature , everyone will gv u 5 star . please update it tq for your new update . i be appreciate it .
everything be normal , except all the picture of my friend , it can't be open . pls fix it .
i can't live without we chat .
great apps for hook up with new friend .
change the color or better if we can choose the color that we want .
it say to click back and enable chat log migration . i don't see any option for that . 6 . 2 . 5 .
why not come wechat 6 . 3 . 1 version in samsung please fix it .
just be 2 day . i can't use the shake feature don't know why it's not work and i can't even reply to the greet i've receive . every time i reply it get hang . you guy should fix the bug or whatever you call it . not happy with the service . x .
its just that pick u look at your phone i dont like it .
i have issue with we chat regard the offer so i send email for solve the issue but they have not yet give a single response to me . they be totally fake worst feedback response service .
no option for remove profile pic , its stupid .
so gud yr .
i can't log in because it keep ask me for verify by photo and there be no photo show and i almost forget my contact photo after 8 month from uninstalling it .
i hate it can't download on my tab . it keep tell that my tab unsuitable with this app i download before this be okay but now unsuitable argh fix it .
take too much time to reload a sight and image .
not bad .
i have be use wechat for over a year now both on android and ios iphone . this app work flawlessly on iphone . on android for example if i'm on a voice call on wechat , when in minimize the window to see some picture that be send on wechat , then go back the wechat voice call window be not intuitive . but this app be great even for business professional , i have build awareness for bookanyone on wechat successfully .
it be not a bad app .
hey i hate this app because my friend get a option we chat out he can call anywhere but in my android phone it be not available please add it to android phone please then i will rate 5 star hope you resolve this soon .
my we chat shake not work ples any solution .
but why this time my wechat cant open and wechatisnt not respond .
my wechat shake be not work properly . when i shake noresult . try again . plz reslove my wechat problam . again this problam here plz reslove . again these problam .
great app .
great app , a must have .
i like .
nice aap just a minor bug fix need and then this app will be best as whatsapp .
v good app .
i format my phone . i instal new wehat i can't not open pic .
cannot migrate chat history to new phone with this version .
i have key in my i'd n pass . wechat ask me to verify my ownership to this account . i do press ok . but nothing come out . keep press it do ntg .
keep say my account be ban and can't reactivate via my mobile or sms . pls help .
i think that the app will rotate after update but its not please make the change in next update .
unable to log in 5 , 1 what just happen to my account , it force me log out and i now can't log in it be important to me for work , help me and i will rate 5 star . help me please . i have reinstall and restart my handphone and use sms log in and all don't work .
cant function well too slowly .
hate this .
cant send or download image after latest update .
it's show as location service be disable even after it be switch on .
this be a good app for connect the family's and friend . allover good .
the app work correctly .
video call not good .
i decide to reset my phone but i cannot find a way to backup my chat . how to do it now thank .
i love wechat .
not bad at all .
i update onto a new phone and cannot verify my account as the image do not load on the new phone with this version . customer service do not even bother reply cut me off from all my chinese contact .
very bad lol 3 .
like it .
until now , i cant install my wechat back . i've try to install it and notify say unknown code error application during installation . 24 . what do its mean i've try it so many time and i've wait for almost 1 hour just to install it back . its really make me dissappointed .
i do love this wechat . its awesome .
cool app .
good because this app have in ipod generation 3th .
good app .
nice . love it .
new update go wrong .
a good communication platform .
why i have some sticker not available in my phone i'm use xperia t2 ultra dual while my friend available we're both in singapore .
hi tencent , thank you for continue your effort on make this app up and run . may i suggest that i need this feature where i could clear my moment easily . thank you .
but can add online , lastseen option , otherwise gud app .
not a bad why not many people like it and i like it .
it cannot find people near by , from hyderabad india , feed up with we chat , i request we chat should be delete from play store , annoy app .
i hope dis app will have a feature that allow as to see who be online .
hey i've download the app but my samsung s5 keep say can't install wechat plz help .
i update the app . but no change as mention from change log .
like in whatsapp . we dont know the people be in online or not .
any suggestion .
you get to be kid me the message send to me from my friend aren't instant at all for goodness sake . well you see , i'm the kind of people who always keep all my recent apps close whenever i exit an app . and because i end my wechat app in recent app tab , the chat notification aren't get through at all .
sometimes i receive the sticker from friend , the sticker be show and state add to library . therefore , i can't find out the sticker that i save .
i like it .
when i video call my friend , i can hear my friend but my friend can't hear me . please help me fix this .
how i can have wechat out .
speaker mode start crazy . lag when hear to the second voice message . after hear the first voice message .
since the cloud migrate be not work now . any english tutorial how to migrate chat log to window .
iam try this one then .
this apps be useful for chat , but so frustrate for call and video call .
notification doesn't show till i open wechat .
hi , untill now i still curious . who be the man that star the moon in wechat startup . i cant sleep think of it . or be it a girl could you help me . thank .
i suggest private the video to wechat once send to others private for not save in phone .
so enjoy with this app .
i love this apps so much almost a year i use it but please put indication that send message be read by the reciever . thank .
now i'm not able to see any moment . can't see anybody while i'm shake . and even no one near place . these all work somedays before but i don't know what happen .
can u use it for tablet too .
as far as i could tell the most recent update allow the app to show random irrelevant ads with video and sound even at vibration only mode every couple minute . their ads even pop up when i be not actively use the app , such as browse through my other apps or do something else on my phone . this be super annoy and wechat don't get too complacent and think that user can't leave for another im app .
still the best communication app .
i love this app .
i lose nearby option on we chat plz help me out .
create hundred of random name wakelocks , could wake up more than 10k time in 24 hour .
moment can open but cant see all the photo people update and cant send photo at moment help pls .
enough complain . you think its easy to create such apps complain if you can make one that be better . just wait for update . i'm sick of people complain and don't even know how to create or how hard to make apps . stupid people complain .
where be the cloud backup in the new version there be only migration to another phone option .
i love it . but some time . many time my friend say that they cannot hear louder voice message . could you guy fix it thank .
not work with android marshmallow 6 . 0 .
so good .
like it .
highly demand for change my wechat id i hereby wish that wechat company could look into this matter promptly and make some change asap thank .
after update to 6 . 3 , my wechat can't open .
i love it .
why i cant see friend picture post even via chat i can't send or receive picture . what go wrong .
i love it .
ppl nearby only work on wifi . since the new update . rectify .
i like it .
support just about every permission on android to spy on you . latest version want access to my phone , and call log . no way , time to delete .
really wish that there be more option about backup the message history especially when the migrate fail when i try . really good though except backup and the memory it use be too large .
all the way nice to use but my internet be make it slow .
i just upload my wechat app . but after that i can't login again . please solve this problem for me .
not able to use people nearby use wifi .
thoughtfully 0 .
plz if i shake my tablet i can't reach anybody it show be not connect .
i be not able to sign up to wechat use my new lebanese mobile number start with code 81 . please do something .
well , i guess there be no way for me to use your app . after try almost everything .
hmm . why every people sight go blank when i want to watch it .
i can't find people near even when my gps be on at high accuracy mode .
nyc app . easy to do video call . cheer .
why i cant log in and no sign of log in to touch .
not bad .
it keep on download for ever .
all pervs be use this app . so disgust .
fix this app .
people nearby do not appear under discover tab in my tab , plz resolve it asap .
can't view nothing picture , image , video etc . etc . blank .
so slow i hate it .
best way to make friend .
i like wechat they have video and message .
suck very hard to dowdload .
bad app every
why i can't download this app on my asus zenfone 4 .
nice app .
it's ok .
i think it be good .
this wechat not good enough .
luv it .
love it .
when i touch people nearby in discover , it always say unable to load location data even i have enable gps in my device . it never show me people nearby . what should i do .
red app . nice chat app .
i do receive the verification code and have already activate my account . but why do it keep on send message every hour i already activate and verify my account . please stop send me the verification code if possible .
play store .
dear wechat , i recently know about our profile picture . actually already know as long time ago . i want to say that our picture can be save from people nearby or easy say stranger people . people can use our picture to do something bad . please remove save to phone . only can save in chat only . also remove to save frome our post too .
make wechat look more cooler and feel like an android 5 .
i like .
i love wechat .
please update . i use asus zenfon5 and it isn't compatible with this version . t .
can't see my friend weather there be in online or not .
fail to respond for correct code . fail to resent when require . not good .
very nice .
wechat not good enough .
not yet try have to try .
i really enjoy this app .
like it .
im sure that i fill right username and password but cant login , try forget password but no vertification code , try phone and i must verify friend photo , and must wair for 24 hour , and solution be uninstall ,
why won't you people give me the code to get in .
hi . i have install wechat and have verify my account . but it still keep on send me the verification code through sms in every single hour . please fix it . it's kind of annoy as the message keep come in every hour .
cant download .
i instal this on a low end device like samsung pop plus . its now incompatible in asus zenfone 5 what the hell .
i think you should remove the start menu the one with the tree and night sky .
for china the best app to have .
but one thing u need to work on it be that we can't get any idea about that a person be online or not .
good app .
why i cant open i jst can download this but cant opn lolol wtf .
i use to be able to backup the chat to the cloud . now there's only a restore button . wtf m i restore if i can't do a backup . i have to restore my phone cuz of some issue and now i lose all of the previous chat due to this . why do you guy take out this useful feature .
too many permission .
easy to communicate each other .
this be a helpful app .
one pay promocode for september month be not work today on 6th oct , eventhough it be write it be valid till 6 th october .
make something news on it's .
not bad .
after the latest update my sticker aren't work . i can send sticker and others can send them to me , but i can't tell what sticker i be send because all the sticker aren't work , all i see be a gray smiley face .
not that good it's stupid and doesn't like to work .
okay , most of my friend use wechat and thats what get me here . so far so good but i find out the messege be save in my phone , not in wechat cloud . so if i lose my phone i losr at the good chat with friend , please improve this . and what about online status , offline etc and a read indicator wud be nice .
its so good .
good by the doll .
i cant open it when i install back .
wechat it's work now .
can't load n view a single photo . instal the older one .
nice apps .
i hope we can use emotional sticker i will give 5 star after it be improve .
good app .
need to have read and see indicator and also a function where we will know if the person be online . this be the best app if someone be look to video call .
it's awesome but please improve the call quality for when the internet get slow .
i be reinstall this app but unfortunely cant install because a pop pup that appear say the package be invalid . so , how should i do .
love it so much . use it when ever i be chat with my friend and coworkers .
after the latest update my sticker aren't work . i can send sticker and others can send them to me , but i can't tell what it be because all the sticker aren't work , all i see be a gray smiley face .
during video call , i couldn't hear voice .
doesn't work .
i like it .
love it . would like to use an english chinese dual keyboard .
i want to delete my id what be the procedure i e mail you many time for a send me a deletion link but no response from you .
i don't see why we need to give our phone number .
u get to meet new people .
wechat call not allow in dubai . please replay .
at first may be look little different but later on after use its lovable .
when app be download on my device it didnt work at all . there be no option for me to create wechat id . then i reinstall my os and now i cant even download the app . report error 927 and package file invalid . why be i have those problem with your app .
the backup bar disappear from the cloud migration and there's error by scan qr code to transfer my chat history to a new phone .
good app .
can't install wechat but i still love wechat .
load very slow .
firstly . there no incoming notification . secondly . everytime i post something on my moment . it say unable to send .
i've never have an app like we chat .
but sometime shake not work . why .
nice apps .
world teacher day be dedicate to those who devote their live to the belief that learn give rise to liberty , that education be the life blood of democracy , the vision of a future where people will live together in harmony , tolerance and mutual respect be not something to dream about , but something to work and struggle for . teacher be in the forefront of this battle
like it but whenever we be out of the house it would nt work .
well , for this time this thing not give me much trouble .
i cant open my wechat , ive try reinstall it but same thing happen .
i cant open wechat after update . i wait for a long time . then i uninstall and install back . but just the same .
i guess it's ok . doesn't have the send or read feature .
so slow
the file be too large , should do something abt it .
please tell me how can i delete my account you will introduce deletion option in later version , but there must be some way to delete it right now .
best app ever .
kindly request take action for this admin .
there be no clue how to text anyone . it make me give my actual number , totally not other apps that give you a number . i'm just try to find an app i can use to text a friend in england . delete .
cant download .
love it .
i love this app , it be user friendly .
this few week i couldn't saw the picture or photography in my wechat , please solve the problem tq .
miss this chat .
why can't i put a album photo pls fix that .
like the way how wechat work . but disappoint that it cannot backup any of my chat anymore . wth . we need to backup our chat .
i'm just rat . because its nice .
i can not install this app .
v . good .
it be awesome . but it would be soo awesome if you make a friend mark to mark someone . i really hope that in next update you guy will cteate a new bookmark .
it stucks at the moon screen , doesn't work at all .
how about sound notification for everytime someone like or comment on my post . till then , its 4 only .
luv the way it be . just lovin it .
that i instal be not able to show in we chat . hope we chat will improve it thank .
wechat now more better i give .
pls fix again the near by option whn we shake its nt work good pls fix it .
the wechat team send me so many message my phone be constantly beep i hate it i wosh they would stop i'm delete wechat because of you idiot .
it's awesome , i'm crazy about you . can't live without it .
cant backup chat . pls check .
i cant backup my chat history . the instruction ask me to click back but it do not hv the back button for me to click . what should i do .
work well but crash everytime i try to send a video take with my sony z3 tablet .
i can't upload chat history by cloud migration , help me to solve the problem please .
this app be just the best place to be , i love it .
i like .
i like it so much . but very slow if i want to log in eventhough my network be excellent .
wish message be store server side .
read indicator and type indicator be big lack .
the apps . be good but it seem my gdget tablet be not comptible with wechat my image be always reverse but on my cp i use its normal . hope u fix it . also my sistr nw cant call me nw use wechat .
very good .
i recently update my wechat . due to insufficient storage , i also have to clear data before proceed for new update . unfortunately , after successful update , i cannot log in . i have try few time , shut down my phone before log in , clear data , re install , but still cannot log in . it's just appear a man see the earth only please take note and fix it . i need to communicate with my other colleague chat group for information .
a , shake . 10 out of 10 ask for sex chat .
i can't even sign up for it . whenever i type in tge vertification code , it always say try again later . name not available . i also reinstall it again . and it didn't make any change .
i really hate when i install we chat and a few day later , my we chat be problem and i have tu uninstall the we chat and install back .
trouble shoot it already . change time and date of my device , clear cache of playstore and download manager , re install google play , reformat sd card and phone storage but still please help .
please fix if program , if you care for it customer . can't send voice message , voice call , video call . 04 . 10 . 15 now even can't login , incorrect pw , sms can't go through , call either .
i suggest private the video to wechat once send to others private for not save in phone .
it keep reset all my chat .
too many update too little creation . it keep on increase my data usage every time . should do something about guy masquerade as girl .
icant open and i dont know why .
standby battery usage higher than all other apps combine . generate random name wakelocks .
great apps .
after reset my son phone , he install the we chat and its stick on the earth photo , he reset again and again but it's still same , how to solve it he use galaxy .
maybe some phone not work but it okay after i change my phone .
i have we chat on my samsung note 4 and on my imac and macbook air . everything work fine on the note 4 but on the mac , there be no sign in the dialog box to allow me to make voice or video call . what's the problem .
i love wechat but now the problem be i cannot open it . when i open the wechat it just to the picture of the moon and it just keep like that , and now i cannot view wechat . help me please its be a long time actually .
after update my wechat app . wechatout feature be not display . please put it back . that be the best feature by wechat .
i would have rat 5 star if the quality of picture in moment improve .
dear team i'm not get one option its people near by . before its there now i'm not get .
and i love it .
while i'm use sight suddenly black screen . no respond . pls fix .
i have some guy randomly send me a pic of his p .
good app .
everything be good except the cloud backup feature be miss .
i just change my phone number for myasus zenfone 5 , so i uninstalled the app and then reinstall again , the app wechat show your device isn't compatible with this version .
actually there be a problem when i migrate from my phone to another . i log in the same id as it state and yet , the other's phone . will log out . please fix this as soon as possible .
so good for chat our friend .
i be love it .
good but when others send me a message , sometime the wechat didn't pop up the notification totally .
please update per week .
have anyone ever check the space use by tencent folder on your phone yeah , almost 1gb .
i love it .
please add more drift bottle for pick .
i like it chat . any time any more . u like it . dowld we chat cm .
nice but have a little problem .
please provide deactivate profile account and the easiest way to clean up all moment . i will give 5 star if you can provide on your next update .
i cant drift nor my nearby people cant be see and bottle throw be also not work . look like my account be block . pls fix asap .
good app .
when i use it , my phone freeze . i have to power my phone off and on to unfreeze .
so fast .
it can connect me to all my friend all over the world .
why everytime i try to login via sms the system tell operation too frequent please try later .
its good .
i like it .
i have do download wechat . but when i try open it . its take a long time to open it . i just see the earth image n stucked .
nice app .
overall a good app for chat , voice msg .
uh i haven't play itt yet but it look good .
it work pretty well but i don't get notification every single time . it's so frustrate because i've miss many message cause of this issue . i don't want to switch on app again and again , just to check if there be any message or not . please fix it . thank in advance .
don't bother and whoever like it be an poobum .
i hate this app .
it's nice app but sometimes people whom we block without add they can msg us its not gud what's the mean of block the people .
hi , almost all be ok but few day back i have unable to send voice message , so plze we chat team can you give me idea .
my device be htc one m7 with android l os . i don't use this app at all , still this idiot app drain out my phone battery , 67 alone , battery doesn't last for more than 7 hrs now , frustrate update this app to resolve problem , but no luck . can't even uninstall it since it come build in htc customize android os . htc have go dumb recently , have wechat team too fix this problem asap and let me breath my air , i be not ur customer , so don't bother me . badly angry .
i like it .
when im on other location . location data wont load . it always say unable to load location data please try again fix pls .
prefer to have this feature available than unavailable . sometimes people excidentally uninstall the apps and how would you think that people want to retreive their old chat . think the pro and con before upgarding your apps .
we chat .
hate that shake mode .
when i be login my account its show that your account be comprise . what be it please solve this problem .
why can't we backup the chat on server it say to backup enable chat log migration , but there's no such thing . fix the issue pls .
all my photo go . cant open after i have update it . the picture be very importance to me .
lovely app .
nice app wonderful .
as right after update til now all image in wechat whether send or receive or even on the moment be all break image . besides , now i can't even send a voice message in chat . it cause worse experience . kindly fix it as soon as possible please . thank .
how i want to log in use computer .
could not backup from phone to cloud , but could backup from window computer . it's good also .
bst way to connect .
no prob when i download it .
like this .
its ok for me but the last time i reset my phone i install this app again and its stick on the earth photo . i reset again and again but it's still same . why .
forward moment to chat feature be break with this update .
i want to delete older than 2min message or be able to edit them , after write a typo . plus , now when a friend send me multiple photo , each time i try to save them one by one the app kick me out . why .
when i last update it . the look around function be not active . it keep repeat activate gps . but gps be already active . fix it dev .
return back the chat backup option from the phone itself .
great one , get it all together .
no use of the balance option . bug . worst app i have ever seenn .
its just that sometimes it wont open even when i reboot restart my phone . please do something about it . other than that its cool .
why im not able to use shake function on my samsunj j1 ace whn i shake my phone it dont shake at all . why .
i can't see my friend moment and it's take too long time to add friend in contact .
the information contain within this site have be .
best app ever .
how to delete my account .
this aaps be very bad not use . more people .
i like wechat because its funny sticker .
love it .
love it .
bring back the direct recharge feature for the we reward instead of give discount . it be the most attractive feature once .
it's ok .
whenever i install this app . my phone become slow . and a dialog box open and say . unfortunately , ypur touch wiz home be stop work . my phone be samsung core 1 .
love it .
after update , i can't even open the apps it just become black screen nothing pop out and notify me to force close the apps . please fix it .
problem download wechat now . why can like that . the server problem or what a . problem . improve the server now . im download just 88 . and stop . cannot run . im tell a problem . now . thank .
just instal and i keep get a message say activity wechat be not respond on my mobile . i want to use the pc version but can't without run the mobile and it be drive me crazy because i open up as much space as possible , have a decent wifi connection , and be essentially get app failure that prevent me from use any version .
good and awesome app .
some time i can't open we chat .
i would give 5 star if it doesnt take a lot of space in my phone .
credit card cant be use now .
we love it .
it always work very slowly .
this app cannot open well . i'm not want to hate this app but something problem . it can't open this app . i have to wait this app install to long . i wait for mqybe in three hour .
i can't find my account . it always say the user doesn't exist .
hello . why be your app keep on say unable to send photo . when i try to resend it will take a very long time to upload . do you understand my english .
very good to meet people .
how to migrate chat log via window wechat .
android 5 have release for about one year and wechat still hasn't support material design but other messenger apps have already support it . also correspond ios wechat support a lot new feature . never use this app .
plss help me i can't logout wechat on my phone lenovo a880 .
i clear my data but after that i try to log in but then it be too slow like really slow . what should i do i even change the password hop that i can log in as usual tho .
this be very nice app for chat but there should b proximity sensor support to turn off display while call like ios becz it drain battery while call .
hey wechat , there be not so good a place that why cover photo be always blur wechat update so many time but why didn't update cover photo become clear . i hope to have this feature . i wish to have in the next new update thank you very much .
be very good service of wechat .
make the message have read sign and this be just my suggestion , make red dot when the person online .
how to delete my account .
very nice .
i have some important content in my wechat . i update my phone and now all of it be go . i cat find any back up . plx help wechat .
its take way to long to load up for some reason . help .
i love it .
i can't open my account after i instal in . i can't even log in . it's just blank . with that full moon . huh .
its not support with telenor 348 number .
lol be it .
get new asus memo pad 7 , android 4 . 4 , could not start wechar version 6 . 3 at all .
it say invalid phone number will it's the number use for whatsapp , if can help i'm from morocco .
once update , i can't even open the app .
great app . but it have 1 problem for me . which be . the onlines . i can't see who's online on my friend .
like it .
im a avid user of wechat since . 2012 , but this version wont allow me to use my nearby feauture even if my location button be enable and my data connection be really high . please do something about it .
like it .
how come i cant search for people in hk or china . just my area . suck .
can this application see someone online or no like whatsapp application please .
nice app .
i've download wechat for several time and when everytime i want to open it say unfortunately , wechat have stop .
can you put time activity of a user , or maybe an online feature so we can see whose online .
please show read status n online status of friend .
but i love it , u get a free 5 star .
nice app .
video call and chat .
i like current version very much and need more improvement .
very nice .
love it .
so cumbersome and make it difficult .
i love this app tomuch .
find friend request tag , no online information no search tool work .
i love it .
wallet disappear in this latest version .
good for video chat .
i love this app , but there's no last see and i don't know who's online , its hard to know , i hope it will be fix soon , thank , bye .
after update not properly function shake bottle feature .
what the matter with that this app can't open please fix it .
pliss fix my video call . it not work properly .
mediocre , love the sticker .
well for now be ok but occationaly wen we be voice call it dosnt clear very well let this be look into .
i love this aps .
my wechat shake be not work properly . when i shake noresult . try again . plz reslove my wechat problam . again this problam here plz reslove .
not bad .
i love thiss app .
good wechat .
thank you for the fast reply . i uninstall it and reinstall it again and i get back all my moment picture as usual , thank you .
very funny .
i cant delete it if i want to , it suck .
love it .
my shake be not work , a lot of fake account , wechat become very bad .
good job .
disappoint i have be try to see the people near by and it kip say location data not find .
really good app .
i can chat with my friend .
i can't download this app it say error .
why cant i backup my chat history now it say press back to enable chat log history but its no where to be find . it use to work and can be hold online for 7 day . how do i back it up now .
we chat .
i will give 5 star if you can fix this . this be the third time i re install wechat . and still . can't make voice and video call .
please update . i use asus zenfon5 and it isn't compatible with this version . t .
what be wechat .
i don have lucky money .
no notification from wechat when receive a message .
every month my wechat always stick at the earth . i need to delete and download again . pls fix this .
though not as expect it be still a nice app .
this be app be best .
luv it .
i love this apps . but why now my asus zenfone 5 cant install wechat apps after factory reset its show device not compatible . can anyone help me .
first time user n i have nothing bad to say . be smooth sail since day 1 .
the new wechat make my phone lag .
i love this app from my colg day .
good app but sometimes it be slow .
i love this app . some of the sticker be so funny and very interest and lot of new feature like wechat out etc . i be big fan of your sticker .
hope ill enjot this app .
it be the best .
hello , i . want to know how to sign up wechat with new number . my daughter have a new number and she try to signup wechat with that number but it cannot as it say the another use wechat with that number . how to solve it .
my wechat automatically not function then i have try for many time . still same . cannot open . i be uninstall then try to install again but cannot . how should i do .
bring back the cloud backup pls . or myb enable it to backup data to phone storage . its extremely inconvenient to backup data to another phone just for a temporary time since i hv to uninstall n reinstall wechat due to bug in wechat which cause photo n video fail to load .
it's good .
like it .
add status if someone hv read or not . or type . add real time , back up message should be do while email without connect to pc .
we chat .
the apps alwyas force me to stop the apps . bug .
very good .
wechat be not an user friendly application its a bigger app 30mb , low version of phone be get hotter slower . please launch a lite version of wechat .
outdated app with too many gimmick update . very low level of privacy , drain battery . voice video call quality not so good . whenever i need to use i download then uninstalling to same battery .
hi . i love we chat last time but now it start to not work . i don't know why . when i open my we chat i can only see the guy and the moon . the image of the moon and little man wont go . i try uninstall and reinstall back . but the same thing happen again and again . pls help me .
we chat .
its okey .
best apps video , phone , file trsf , backup to another phone via wifi , excellent if can backup on pc or laptop .
i love it .
not hq in the intrusive aggressive country . like uk us .
i like it .
i love it very much .
very good .
like it .
i love you .
very cool .
evrybdy can use this app 4 get new or old frezship . weldone evry 1 .
love it .
hopefully wechat can support multiple device standby , and could log into pc version without log in through phone .
format fone . then download back . keep force stop . damnn .
my galaxy s6 have do not disturb automatically turn on at night . it block all other apps notification sound . but last night a group chat start to make lot and lot of alert and vibrate . be wechat use notification api or just raw medium .
i just install wechat and try to open wechat but start picture be 1 moon and 1 men . the picture be go and wechat not start what should i do .
shake always appear people from far away . people like thousand kilometre away .
please tell me how to delete wechat account permanently . i don't use wechat and want my account to be delete . also there must be an account deletion option .
fix it .
the best chaton .
not my kind of app really .
i instal and re instal the app but stil hang on the moon with a man picture . please help .
i update version today but its not respond when i try to shake . plz help me .
i love this app . i enjoy .
how to backup message .
really cool app .
this be so cool . you guy should try it .
i love it .
the older version work , the update continually crash . will not operate .
whteva i wnt . thts prsnt in this app .
why i can't download it please fix this prob .
love it .
my wechat doesn't want to open from yesterday . please help .
i have aproblem . my daughter buy a new number phone and she cannot sign up her we chat because it say someone have use the number . how to solve it .
i can not open it .
can't open it after format my phone . this app be compatible with some of your device . please help me .
why i can't log in it get stucked on that earth pic . all app i use be normal but it get stick when i open wechat . then i uninstalled and instal it again but it still the same .
love this app .
it's awe and it have never give me problem .
after updation the shake be not work . when i shake no result find . why the hell don't know .
not too bad but sumtyms it be take a lot of tym to send message especially the video even if the net connection be fast .
u have not fix yet .
my friend send me lucky money i also want to give him but i don't have the wallet feature .
awesome app .
wechat sometime can release a lot of tension .
love it .
i like it but video call not work good .
kindly request take action for this .
after instal wechat a pic arrive in which a person be stamding at earth and look at moon and after that no further option arrive to generate id on my samsung galaxy gt s5830i .
i can't hear the voice of my caller .
why cant i upload picture anymore please fix it asap .
amaze app .
i like it .
i can't open my wechat . i don't know why .
the backup bottom in the chat history backup be disappear you suppose to make the app better but you be make it worse .
but why its always force close please fix the problem .
how to delete the account .
please enable back the cloud migration feature .
i really want to download this app because my friend use this . sadly it say not support by phone . my phone be outdated already . gingerbread . o 8 . 2 android pls make it compatible i will really appreciate it .
i think i will luv this app .
please fix it .
bring back the direct recharge feature for the we reward instead of give discount . it be the most attractive feature once .
yes , this app be nice but they can't hide msg .
with new update cloud migration function have be remove very sad update . so no point to use this app anymore . please add function to backup with other cloud servis , then your star will be 5 again . wechat for window can't do what it suppose to do as wechat for android it backup nothing 0 data , i already test it as your suggest , all of you should test it 1st before remove it . very disappoint after reset my phone all data be go . maybe no wechat anymore , it break my heart . thank you .
nearby option not work .
there be no option to delete account .
good app .
hat software .
i be update my wechat and after that i cant log in my wechat . that annoy me enough .
i want to start a new account so i want to delete old one . pls tell me how can i do it . or give an option to delete account . then its surely a five star . coz its a lovely app .
whenever i want to send image to friend , the image crash when i try to open it . basically i cannot open image , everything else work but i cannot open image or change my profile picture . it force close it , i redownload and clear cache whatever but still doesn't work .
we chat eat too much ram rom both please improve same feature of other apps work good .
when i try to shake and get the result . it won't provide any result show only load content .
i like this wechat so much . i have suggestion . can wechat team put on friendlist who remove us from their list like on right side put unfriend or friend . its easy to us see without us look there moment or chat them to make sure them still our friend list .
when i will call video or audio call that time see network issue call be end . i be so sadd please give a reply .
its too good .
only home screen appear after that nothing happen .
i'm totally not satisfy with that you cannot delete deactivate your account i don't won't to share my number and my contact list anymore that what should i do .
very good .
nice but sometimes when i call my friend something problem i cannot receive her call .
i love wechat .
nice app .
have fun .
hi team , after my upgrade the new version , the video call cannot work properly , make a lot noise during the call and cannot hear each other . then i re instal . however i lose all my previous message with my contact . not a good app . can do better how can i recover my old message thank .
not long i have use .
nice app .
it work normally .
nice app . but don't understand online friend and call , i miss my all chat history with photo . i think need update .
i love this app , but there's no last see and i don't know who's online , its hard to know , i hope it will be fix soon , thank , bye .
my we chat keep shut down when i be type message or view moment . the app will close automatically . pls fix the problem . thank .
i hate when them spam me . o .
i love it .
a friendly suggestion to all samsung user . pls don install this app . inhave samsung note ii and i ve struggle almost a year as my phone keep freeze . i ve try all the technical troubleshoot but the issue be not fix . i sometimes use to feel like bang my phone on to a wall . i then want to uninstall all app one by one to find out which app be the problem maker . i start with we chat n tht fix my problem . wen i have we chat all the other apps also use to freeze . now . no app freeze .
not able to download on asus zenphone 5 . it stay its not compitible with the device , but 5 day before i be able to install it .
it seem u guy be play smart on us .
this wechat app be okay .
awesomely do .
love it .
save communication .
it's very nice apps allow us to meet our family and friend i love it .
dear developer of wechat , 3 day ago i update this app . when i open , app stop work i restart my tablet dell venue 8 3830 but no result . then i download manually old version of wechat . i instal it and work as before but old message lose my old message cost almost my life what can i do how to recover old message .
so useful .
nice app .
very pathetic . whenever i try to use the feature peope near by it always show unable to load location data .
one reward still active in july reward list . but now july reward have be remove . please add july reward to my list .
i lv it .
best app for message and video chat etc . really better than whatsapp and other messenger's .
my wechat can't see background sticker and can not send any picture even sight also cannot use . try unistall and install back still have same problem . what's go on .
have fun and know more new friend on it .
but have to add new feature like call start time and call end time and message time and status delivery and msg see status send status .
love this app .
not to bad . but sometimes when my freinds share moment i cant see n the red dot also not appear . i only can see when wechat be update i hope u can fix this prob .
i love we chat .
for those who don't remember their citrus cube promo code and if july month's voucher not appear then follow these step click my balance then click on my reward tab then click on 3 vertical dot then open with browser then click on wechat september my reward then edit url then replace sep with jul remember you have to edit september's url not october's and then you can see your july reward and citrus cube promo code . please mark comment as helpful so that it can show on top of review .
i cant change my profile pic . be there a button or way to change it .
i like .
we chat .
how can make a call by number .
why can't i search id friend i try it about 20 time pls check it and update it asap . thx .
don't worry about the application , it so good and smart .
not able to open samsung galaxy ace .
why it always not respond .
why i cant change my cover photo after i update it .
always connect . then show network error , try with wifi and lte , not work , others with same wifi work fine .
very nice .
i like this .
there should be last see .
wechat work prefectly except for the storage problem and also send image or file problem . may i know can i settle this problem for my wechat it keep cannot send the picture i want to send to my friend . and keep notify me unsuccessfully send even i keep resent it . what can i do for this .
its be fantastic . u can also try it .
good app .
plz add whoes online and whoes offline when somebody block u will get a msg and also add the when someone type msg show .
its very easy to all .
my sight's moment can't play audio . i don't know why . please fix this . i'm use oppo neo .
i can't sync my contact it keep say that i have disable my phone book sync i need help .
poor service . why .
hey guy , what abt make night mode or black theme moment chat just like 9gag do . our eye get hurt when we receive some chat from friend in the middle of the night . we do appreciate your newest update . and maybe a better update in the future . to be honestly , i love wechat . tq once again guy .
i hate thisdss .
try google for an answer but nil . the method post by many don't work . have feedback wechat for help but no reply .
best app .
i just update this app now it's force shutdown itself every single time i try to open it .
i like it .
seriously . make this app save the data in build in storage too . make an option for it .
sometimes i totally cant connect to wechat when im connect to internet or wifi , can help solve the problem .
material design please then you'll get 5stars .
why it always force stop .
ok when enjoy this apps .
i try to back up my chat and it keep tell me to enable chat log migration and when i check , there be no backup chat feature so pls and kindly fix this . asap .
i can't even open it since it be update . i think it be crash or something . so i uninstalled it for me to install it back . then it say it isn't compatible with my phone . what the i'm use zenphone 4 . please fix this . all pun intend .
here people near by me option be not available try to add it .
chat together .
how i give rate if i cnt use it , it akwys connect error , and it say abt wilan wht be it .
i cant log in my account . after i log out because it cant refresh new moment and i cant send my moment .
nice app .
pls improve more but don't take too much memory .
this be so nice .
this update be cool .
i be unable to download or upload picture since 3 month ago , wechat team still unable to provide a solution . really disappoint .
i like this .
i love it .
the screen frozes after send and listen voice message .
it good .
i like it .
wechat be cool .
love the sticker .
impossible to open after initially open it . keep tell me my version be unauthorized . i download it from the play store . then i have to go through a security screen that won't recognize my phone number . useless .
good and perfect .
why aren't they show load i've recently redownloaded the app on my phone but most of the sticker aren't even show even though they have be download .
not able to . log in sign in and sign up button doesnt appear beneath the moon anymore .
nice and not bad .
it's good .
i like this .
thank to we chat .
i love it .
my voice message keep play in speaker mode while i put at my ear side even i ady off the speaker mode .
this app every like it .
it make me irritate after make a new account it doesnt realy let me add them back to my account , and i want the app to have something like when you search , load of contact will pop .
make my hobby which be . , text my friend family become easier .
batter than other apps , use less data .
after format my hp , i download wechat and install but cannot log in , now the verification code kep send me the verification code every hour , can u plz stop it , make problem to me .
it automatically log off and cause misding several chat msges it's annoy .
i like .
i can't open wechat app . go i tick the icon , just pic earth out and nothing . can u help me .
i like it .
like it . its nice and easy to use .
good app .
i love it be the first time that i have be use this .
good app ever .
i hope there be like an offline chat . but anyways its great .
really nice compatible app .
may please add a confirmation before delete message , or post . like when we press the delete , it will ask us about really want to delete it and we will either press yes or no . and i hope this confirmatuon can be change in the set too , in case somebody else doesn't like it so they can turn off it . thank .
be good until the cloud mitigation function be disable . the qr code keep bring up error please fix .
i change my m0bile number , i want t0 change also my wechat and delete the old one . but h0w .
still download .
hey wechat , can i make a suggestion you know when you say birthday cake fall from the screen my friend and i talk about it and we think it would be better if the cake fell but then they pile up at the bottom for a few second and then disintegrate after a while . we would really love it if you would consider our suggestion .
the best .
before it work but now no one can see me near by . im not sure what be go on . the gps be work well . i try all the setting ans uninstalling . still doesn't work . and i change my phone number make a new account but again doesnt work .
new update lag when i type .
unable to view and open moment .
i can't mention people in the group chat . please fix it .
unable to open it . i don't know why but please , fix it . then i will rate five star for it . thank you .
this be my most loveable app , but have problem while send voice , image , video as well as log in . i be totally disappoint . with it . but i be happy with the new video call funtions . hope you give us more fun .
like it .
nice app .
its awesome app to call and video call . it's better than skype . i'm in long distance relationship so we use to talk through wechat . its awesome than skype .
very good .
i have be force to update this we chat . please don't force anyone to update this we chat . if someone be interest in old version then please don't force everyone to update we chat . update we chat be my choice so please don't suck anyone to update we chat . i hope you will reply me something .
i download the sticker , they work for few day and they will not disappear in gallery . i delete the app and reinstall , it work for few day and happen again .
love it .
gud app .
good app but this app only can tag ten people when post a status . this can make some people think that their friend dislike them because do not tag them . this may make some people lose their friend . as an example , my friend name xiao tian , just because her name start with x , so sometimes people will forget to tag her because of her name only can find in the bottom of the name list . this can make xiao tian feel that she have ignore by her friend . so , only ten people can be tag will make people unhappy .
any sticker or photo inside the wechat can't download and load . please try to fix it . thank .
this will be my first time be on we chat but my friend love it too .
i can't open my wechat after download . so sad .
batter the past version . new update get a bug . pls fix this . tq .
i really like thiss . it's fun . i can make a new friend .
they play al prank in reward .
i can't open my wechat . its stick .
can't view any news in subscription account . message come out webpage not available .
i want how to spend money on game in growtopia .
cannot use .
after update , i can't open weechat . pls fix it .
why wechat not open . please helpp me .
i would so much appreciate it if you wonderful developer could add a notification for every like or comment you get on your moment . just add a disable notification option to opt it out , and you guy would do the world a favor .
how do i get we chat out feature for my we chat .
finally after a lot of try i successfully download it . but sadly it force close plss . fix i can't even use it . also make this app consume less phone storage .
please don't do anymore update that would possibly ruin this app .
i try to install this app but i can't install this app at the end this app show package file be invalid so what i can do .
i think it's so good app for world chatter .
i m not receivig any messeges from drft bottol . why reply me .
app be not work in my mobile .
thank we chat ilove u .
can't add indian bank card . only chinese bank . wait for long time about this service . but still it be not available in india . very much disappoint .
i fell very angry cos i cnt download this app even i do many time . can someone tell me why .
i've uninstall my wc . due to an error . as i install it back . it cannot be open . pls fix my prob as i hv important thing to do with it . and one more thing . pls let us change our id . and dont make it permanent thank you .
like it .
its good .
please assist to do somethg . my phone be zenfon2 4gb ram . always force to stop .
gudd . but sometime the function stick .
u be the best of them all .
this application very . bad .
always have location problem . my phone location be on but the app always tell me unable to load location data that's when ever i want to search for people nearby .
please add feature that can allow us to post video on moment . like facebook . can share video will make wechat more excite .
piece of crap .
love it .
please help me because i can't log in my i'd . even i know my password its still can't log in .
it be for teen and grow ips .
my device be panasonic t40 .
why i cant install my wechat back . it stick when it be 88 . plez , i need my wechat back .
im really disappoint with wechat recently bcoz i often lose my download sticker and set background . ive uninstalled then reinstall it but still it doesnt change . i try to log out but it also doesnt change . i also try to update but its still the same . whats wrong .
why i can't download this app
hey , my chat history all go . please fix it .
very good .
very nice .
i can't open any kind of link within wechat try uninstall and reinstall same . any help also can't attach image in regular chat .
fix it soon .
it useful to me in all time .
i do enjoy the moon . only the moon . why can't open .
this be the best one for the video call i ever find . video quality be perfect than other apps . i try various application to find a good video quality before this . finally i find the best one . thank .
so lag and its heavy memory consumption .
hi . friend i have lose my wechat last week . now i have download . from play stor . and i lose my lovely friend .
i think you hv to fix this as soon . everytime i upload my photo in moment it will get blur and break .
very good app .
nice app .
take long to install why be that .
so late .
a little slow here and there but so far so good . like it .
very good .
i love it .
not exit and not creative .
history back up be miss on my android .
must try .
i can't download my wechat . it just say have a problem but i just reset my phone a few day ago . what should i do to solve my problem please answer my qestion .
some thing iss good inn it .
very bore when friend be not on wechat . bore .
please add block function .
after i update the last version i cant open it i cant do anything please help me .
why be your application be always not respond and always appear on my screen force stop will you fix it please .
reformat devide and reinstall the software . when reach to the verify id it request for verify via friend photo . however the friend photo be not display , how to verify pls assist urgently .
like viber and qq can i install wechat on computer .
i lose my all photo even profile picture also . why this be . and how to recover those photo . help me .
feature need to be improve .
very good app .
nice and easy to use .
for my heart .
hey . my wechat be not work . it get stick .
i just download wechat after factory reset my device . after a few day , the moment doesnt load the new one . please help .
i cant open this application . what should i do .
why i do not have the lucky money after the new update the new update aps have problem , it be something wrong , now i lose my bank information .
hello , after im format my phone i just cannot see picture in moment please help .
love it .
please give us back the feature that enable us to backup our chat online and not by upload it through pc .
i can meet nw friend in this app nice job guy .
my account be hack and no one care , what about security don't you think it should be more safe .
this app be really what i dream of . it's nice and can call perfectly ok 100 .
could anyone tell me what be cause the emoticon get bigger than real size and why i cant see emoticon from freinds . if there any bug . i hope it will be fix as soon as possible . i will give u 5 star for that . thank you love this app much .
it's ok .
it be illegal to demand government identification unless u be part of law enforcement . i be report this app to the proper authority and they can deal with the fallout .
very good .
nice app .
i just update my phone software . before my android ver be 4 . 3 and now its 4 . 4 . 2 and it say my phone be not compatible .
unable to redeem free recharge daily reward amount while i have update version of wechat .
the backup bar disappear from the cloud migration and there's error by scan qr code to transfer my chat history to a new phone .
very good to chat in video and sms like it .
very good application .
because it be very simple app and social be very safe if me .
one of the best apps here in android . keep it up .
good app .
my friend all have a money account , how come my account didn't have pls advise .
why sometimes i can't see people pic or video they post play but it not show . help me .
i have download app and use but some time . app have problem . some time can not open app . what happen .
aftet update evertime i need to open my wechat just will receive msg it very not felexsible i don't even know when will get msg it force me to keep check open wechat to check weather get msg or nt please take note .
i like wechat . like it coz no one can see me online . hahahaha .
i have 539 mb space and still unable to install it . error receive insufficient space .
i like the emoticon translate . please bring that feature back for 5 star . you all make a great app keep it up .
its not work properly in intex aqua star 2 16gb phone . please fast update .
why i cant receive others greet at people nearby . others cant find me at people nearby . whats the problem .
love it .
on version 6 . 2 . 5 and after i login it just crash on my nexus 4 . i've clear the app data and it still keep crash .
i can't open this application even i reinstall and format my phone . it just show the earth .
be use version 6 . 2 . 5 , but seem like very unstable during make a call . notice that nowadays can't backup chat history to server also .
nice app .
i still not understand . i move pic to memory card already . but still it save on phone storage .
why i cannot find my sign up or login .
manage storage nothing can do .
i like this app but now when i'm shake it show no result find . how can it be possible .
so far . its good .
the worst app i ever try .
nice , that all d .
hey when i block a person why the person keep send me mesej .
i need support to install back my wechat , please .
i have problem can't do the voice call and video call . how to fix this problem .
good app .
i like your app , make an update for moment like and comment notification i will always support you .
keep say we chat be not respond instal and uninstalled a few time still nothing . this need fix asap as its the inky way i can communicate with my partner while i'm at work .
keep on crash sometimes if not than it would be a great application .
nice apps .
i like this wechat but i don't know how to get the wallet app to see how much lucky money i have .
it's blank can't attach any photo or video too and previously can see them now can't and photo be not clear .
it make the distance too short .
i love this app very much i always be happy because this app .
anytime i try to search for friend around me , it say my location can not be find . kindly work on this please .
could use a random dice roll in channel option for us roleplayers .
one of the biggest app on my phone be wechat . while browse through the file manager under tencent file , i notice that there be a lot of weird file that take up lot of space . not sure what it be and whether or not to delete them or not . please try to keep the app as simple as possible . please consider my suggestion .
doesn't work .
i love it .
5 star .
apps not compatible with asus zenfone 5 .
the best website it's really good .
i love it .
very nice app .
it's blank .
really aap richarg .
feature like email chat , type and read message indicator should b add .
i've use wechat before on my other fone it's a great app love it nd i would recommend this to anyone who be interest to try it .
love it .
it keep say that the mobile number be link to another account but there isn't at all . cannot sign up . someone to help .
like it .
wechat be the best for me and my cousin .
when someone share a video on chat , you have to download it first . but it doesn't download for me .
i love it you can text people and use sticker .
this app since i start dawnloading it have never stop not to talk of work i don't know how it function pls any idea kindly inform me .
i can't download it .
so nice this ap we reward program be super .
this app be hate and i hate so much this app be bad .
i be have trouble with login my account plz help me .
help , recently delete but download again . i can't back up my old chat . i want to see the old one but it say no data .
i cant downlord wechat what problem i cant no .
my cover photo be not on full pic . but other cover photo be a full pic .
now wechat have version 6 . 2 . 5 but playstore say that 6 . 2 . 2 be the latest . and i can't download 6 . 2 . 5 please fix it up and i'll give u 5 star .
i hope it can usely .
this be a top app , i've use it since 2010 . the last update from 24 sept 2015 be drain down the battery . please correct the bug .
why my wechat don't have moment .
amaze people on there .
because i can't make a new account .
its too useful .
i can't update my wechat . need help to fix it .
i download it around 4 6 time but it still stucks on load a man earth i wait for it about 1 2hour still stucks . so , i felt very f disapointed .
awe sum . it hlps to connect ppl from distant plcs .
slow to download
i can't upload nor see other people photo on moment . and i can't change my profile pic . it all say error . first time acquire this problem .
i lose all my conversation my contact why would this happen so sudden . i didnt do anything except texting n then poof everything go . hm better fix it .
after i've instal new version , the sign up n log in button do not appear .
it take long time to . open it .
i like it , but more time its stop respond and i uninstal it , and download again , please fix it .
after i update my wechat , people nearby not work . why please fix it tq .
i hate this . cause it's effen spammed everywhere .
its really fun cause we can see other moment not even from our friend but also from stranger person or other state such as canada , uk , jordan and many other place . from wechat , we also can search for a new friend to start our first meet by texting in wechat . so , enjoy it .
i be have some issue with the video call and voice call , where the audio be too low for me to hear . require me to be in a completely silent room . any suggestion would be appreciate .
as per ur url , try everything but no use . also reinstall app but still not work .
i love this app but the notification isn't stable for some reason . what can i do to fix it sometimes i get notification , most time i don't . when i log onto the app , all for chatroom get update then .
i cn communicate with ppl hu a nt on whatsapp .
it's cool .
it's amaze .
like this app .
well at least be able to connect nicely and easy .
it's awesome .
very good .
it work slow with 2g network . if this improve in future i will rate five star .
how to delete account answer me pls .
there be enough alternative in the market which expose our privacy . there be some of us who do not want the rest of the world check every move . please respect .
best way to contact .
this be so good .
not bad .
micro channel map can store unlimited storage before but now only 150 very inconvenient trouble recovery can store unlimited version also cloud save dialogue why cancel hop to add this feature back not everyone have two phone .
werewards be too awesome .
be good .
the best app .
u must add a notification that notify msg be read by reciever n chat background that i apply must be see by the person whom with chat be go on .
love it .
why can't put chat background lol .
last week , i just buy a new phone where there be no wechat app . so , i just install from playstore . but , after instal , it seem i cannot open people nearby feature . it seem 1 out of 5 try will succeed . i dont know whether it be relate to the wechat update or what , but please fix this .
love u so much me chat .
photo i go very important , what can quickly improve it , as well as upload photo to the circle of friend be also very vague .
we chat be very good .
best damn if there wechat .
why can't i discover some ppl by shake the device .
after update , why my stickee go just like that i cannot my sticker that i have download before .
sometimes i can't see my nearly please solve the problem .
reason for use wechat be the convenient of cloud backup , now that be all go . will look for better alternative .
i love it i never hear of ot untill my bestfriends go to china and we be able to have video chat and regular phone call and text with really cool emojis dont have any problem with this app its simply genius .
i'm use moto g2 , voice video call be not support in my phone , can u solve it .
hate it when some friend block you and you don't know about it .
its cool , easy , and fun use it .
picture in my friend's album say unable to be fully download whenever i try to look at them .
i cant see picture which my friend post at moment . please fix .
i'm go over sea for a week or 2 and i want to keep in contact with my friend but my iphone . doesn't have data .
i be currently use lenovo a70 and i be disappoint because i couldn't receive message automatically which mean i need to restart my wechat app every single second to receive message . i've set everything perfectly so i be assure that there's no problem with the setting but with your app . please fix it asap . thank you .
this alrdy 2nd time i uninstalled than downlaod agin . but still all my save pic n emoticon go even theirs place still there but dont hv pic of them there . plz fix it . ty .
after i update my redmi note version , wechat lose these function .
why i do not have the lucky money after the new update the new update aps have problem , it be something wrong , now i lose my bank information .
need to verify my account by choose friend . the image don't even work . i have not use we chat for year . how be i suppose to do this crap app .
free call and text .
why i can't refresh moment and receive friend's message a few day after i install it .
good for connect people .
look not friendly when compare to the start .
please help to fix this . tq .
hi . it would be great if we can delete our contact wechat friend by tick untick or in other word mark . so we no need to open their profile one by one to delete from our contact friend list . let say i have 2k wechat friend , n i want to delete around 200 . its complicate . to open one by one n delete .
can't change the profile picture .
why there be an error 24 when i download wechat .
nice apps .
i love it .
love more wechat .
all my sticker be disappear for third time within 2 week . even all d picture i send out also cant be see . actually what happen for my app . i be tire of this problem . pls help .
love it .
the tool for conversation be awesome .
even though i have location service turn on the app only show people in asia . no thank .
please enable cloud backup again . please .
he's nice .
great work axiata2 .
fantastic and easy use .
why memory too big and my device slow .
very useful , joyful then its handle easy .
can you plz make a video call mic mute option and the rest of other thing be good just only video call mic mute don't have it .
nice app .
its a nice application , but mostly its shake option quit to work . please solve this issue .
not bad .
really enjoy it easy to communicate with different people of different tribe .
i can not search for nearby people and some photo don't download .
can u make the sight . that we can pause the video and then start it again loveit .
provide online and last see feature .
i can't open any kind of link within wechat try uninstall and reinstall same . any help .
as an international product , ui design should not meet the prevail standard andrew as be the internationally renowned im , why whatsapp and line can do it .
very bad as i need it the most to back up my chat for the need to hard reset my device .
just awesome feature full app .
thank and god bless u for your profit so please give me offer of recharge more and more .
please improve the owner ship verification or provide some more optional verification method .
hey its get stick on that big moon . cnt able to open plz help me out .
since the last 2 update . i can't access my acc . it keep on crash . u guy have reply , ur solution be not work at all . i have try both mobile and wifi connection with excellent signal n speed . it be still crash . uninstall n instal over n over again be just waste my time and my internet quota . try wechat web but how can i scan the bar code when wechat keep on crash . advice me be it android 4 . 1 . 2 be not compatible with ur latest app update really frustrate with the problem .
it dosen't download only .
excellent easy task good reward please try to add more coupon in to it and 30mb file for download be really heavy please make it below 20mb soo that everyone even without wifi can able to download .
why i dont have lucky money feature need help .
let us disable pop up notification , they be really annoy , but i don't want to disable notification . add a read , so we know when a friend have see our message . if in group chat , let us know who have see our message and who hasnt .
i'm use wechat on my ipad . so far it be good . but the thing i'm unsatisfied about it be that i can't do sight . i keep on refresh the app and even switch on and off my ipad but its show no diff . be it because of my ipad or the app .
why i can't download wechat .
my personal sticker and download sticker cant be see again . what happen actually . this third time . pls check what happen .
i just update my wechat and now it keep crash stop unexpectedly . do fix this problem and i will rate 5star .
keep say we chat be not respond .
i like it .
so plz recover and help me .
after update , the photo send by friend cannot be see . i have uninstall and install again . after install , i can see the emotion but after that i can't see it again . i try to send switchsdcard but it say cannot switch .
i can't see moment , there write no memory card , no profile pic , what the hell be this after update i can't use my wechat , so update be useless huh thumb down wechat .
i love this app .
hi we chat about 2months ago i can't see any picture at the moment feature . i can see what my wechat friend say but photo cannot load at all even if i press it multiple time . could u fix it thx . my phone be huawei android 4 . 4 kit kat . thx .
good application and i so happy cz all service avaiable here .
nice app .
for now only one star i want to try if this one be good .
work great .
need wechat video and photo can send to other medium like facebook and whats app .
as of now very good .
why i can't download it .
how come can't change profile photo after update also do the chat backup to server be cancel .
very nice app to communicate with friend .
chinese spy app .
video and good call be suck can't connect at all , even i use wifi and internet line be excellent . after people accept the phone call , it show only connect . unable to do any call it be good app . but after update , it suck .
i hope the app will have a permanent storage for chat history in order to prevent any loss of the chat history .
it just keep on force stop i think it be my phone's problem so i also keep restart it but when i ask my friend , they face the same problem .
iam unable to see people nearby always it be show unable to find ur location please resolve this issue . i have already re instal the app .
never receive cod .
after update my wechat , it keep on force stop , and then i uninstalled and install back again it's still same unable to open the app , i don't know why , what should i do to solve this problem .
thank you .
why after i update wechat it be not work . only planet picture that appear .
i get error when i want download back .
why i didn't have lucky money or transfer button on my option .
my wechat shake be not work properly . when i shake noresult . try again . plz reslove my wechat problam .
thnks for tht new update . bcs before this ha . i cnt dlete someone from my fl .
i can't log in please fix this i have uninstall then install . it's still the same .
i like this one .
i cannot open my account . why i already try to log in many time but it be fail . i hope you can help me .
i hat it .
why i can't login my wechat and it say my time be out , its out of my mind . please fix it .
be awesome this weechat and i like it to play and online .
my wechat have problem when send message today so i unistalled it , and when i try to install it back , suddenly it say that its not compatible with my phone which be an asus zenfone 4 . 5 , may i know why it become like this so suddenly after i have be use wechat on this phone for year and please fix this as its important .
people can't find my wechat id account in the people nearby list do something about this .
hy sir i lose my balance of september reward . i want it back its of 220rs .
always say cancel by caller even we dont do anything .
please i really like this app but its not work on my samsung galaxy . pliss fix it thank you .
i cant sign up no sms cod not even recieving call to get my code .
sir i play wereward contest but redeem option be not work pllz help i work so hard .
not always respond sometimes crash .
would wechat can make the feature of message pop up if not everytime get message also need to reenter hope wechat will receive my message .
third class app with fake offer and feature .
chat backup feature be remove . how to migrate the chat log vie window wechat .
there be no wechat out .
always have problem not respond . and cannot send a single message . and cannot load moment or anything . i keep reinstall but can't even download it . please fix it .
i have send sticker for one month not give money .
hey i follow all step and it show that i have 220rs . in my wallet but redeem option be not happen and redeem time have be start . plz help me to redeem my money .
i love it . it be the best app . its feature be awesome .
the best i hear and already rat for i have see the active reaction from this app .
i didn't do anything wrong but my wechat be ban .
many great feature , and cool sticker . i'm also glad there be no read indicator . i would really like the web ui to be improve though , i hate the qr code scan every time .
maderchodo ho . wechat wale .
why . when i open wechat . storage be full . but my storage not full memory . hm sadness .
love it now but i hope that wechat be like messenger can save chat and conversation in the internet although it have be delete .
because the offer from wechat name free balance it be very bad i can't get any balance .
today i send message in a group and when i check for balance it show me that i have 0 balance . r u seriously joke with me .
wechat and onepay it's partnership to cheat the people's please do not use .
onepay and wechat didnt use at all .
shake feature not work . kindly fix .
fantastic app .
awesome app but have some problem .
i have send sticker in group from 1 to 25th september . but today when i check my balance it show 0 . what be this .
i can't receive video call and voice call . its say network issue where as my wifi be super strong . i miss my friend and family , could you please help me .
just awesome .
nice and easy access friend .
hopefully can make an update that can know who be online or offline .
this suck don't waste your data on it .
all the reward won't work . they say u can redeem ur money but it will show 0 balance at the time of redemption .
i can't download wechat .
i just download wechat and it won't open til now what the heck .
i wanna thank you wechat team for the app you do . please help me to install and open again to my mobile .
sticker be not work anymore .
love it .
after i instal this app i try to login my acc but cannot because it only stick at the moon photo . there be no log in or sign up thinggy . fix it please . thank .
video call . the only one fast and best application .
most notably , thing like a read indicator for send message , a type indicator to see when someone be type and multiple device support .
i like it .
i just update wechat , unable to open the app , not sure what happen .
if sigh feature be last on 2 minute that's would be awesome .
whenever i want to view their moment some of them be cannot be view . be there a way to revert this update .
pls show the last see or msg read note or any mark it min the person have read msg or type msg see .
support just about every permission on android to spy on you . latest version want access to my phone , and call log . no way , time to delete .
hey wechat . i cannot use the call . when i call it automatically cancel . please . fix it so that i can use wechat for video call . it show connection error . the call have end . please . fix it .
i still can't open my account even after the password retrieval . it say this user do not exist . i just instal it again . and this be the problem . please do something asap . thank you so much . would really appreciate it if you do .
why i cannot find my sign up or login .
love it .
where be the backup button its miss dude .
i format my phone 4days ago but when i reinstall wechat after format it be keep restore the chat background automatically and all the sticker cant be show when i change wifi to own data and need to reinstall agn if wan the change back the background .
hey . before update i can see all sticker . after update all can't see .
i like it . very simple , easy to use , serve my every need of it . sometimes a bite dodgy on the interface though like it wasn't that think out to begin with . but overall , as a guy , i approve of it .
the only one .
not sure if because of update , but now i can't change my photo , i know i can do it before .
love it .
all my picture and sticker disappear from memory card .
good apps . 4 star i give it . 5 star if we can know person who online .
i like its wechat yahoo .
halead the .
why the update version auto delete my sight after 14 day it better to keep it there . please fix the auto delete .
some time i be chat with my friend and come there a text that the user have not accept your friend request'after that when i send to my mention friend the message so it doesn't reach to them . please do something for this .
i'm not fond of this app to begin with , but i keep it to keep contact with my chinese friend . the only feature i like , be the variety of sticker . after my update , all my sticker be go and i can't redownload them , because in the list of sticker it say i already download them .
i cant search people nearby . fix it plz . and make it visible for search nearby group chat too . its kinda bore .
it be bad . if you have an account a few month back , you must remember your friend number or photo . i cant remember that . please fix it .
as an international product , ui design should not meet the prevail standard andrew as be the internationally renowned im , why whatsapp and line can do it .
i love it .
hey why i can't open this application .
it have a web version too .
its a nyc app and cool go .
it say that it go lke on ur laptop but it doesnt work please fix it please .
dear wechat team i'm switch my old phone to new now i can't login wechat cause friend photo verification i m use wechat since the begin from india , my almost friend be chinese so i can't read those name from image i edit alias as english now that lock please help me to get back i don't know what will do please help me and saw a blank ok page while verification .
there be a problem with my wechat , so i uninstalled it and redownloaded it . but after that , i couldnt log in my account it keep ask me to verify my ownership of the account by select my friend photo . after i click on yes , i could only see a blank page with a blank window jump out only see ok in that window .
welp , i have give up on this app . i've log in and it tell me it's an unofficial version that i get through google play . k . then i recover my account with my phone number . then it happen again , except this time i can't recover it because only one account can be recover per phone number . i wish i could give this lower than one star . after reach out to support and realize that none of them even read the problem give a generic response here and no email response . very bad experience .
this be one of the best app that we can keep daily contact with friend and family .
not able to find look around option .
i try to log in another account in wechat app . it take me so long time and i can't log in either one of my account .
my location function only work when it want to most of the time it doesn't .
awesome app to find new friend frm over all world .
there be no chat log migration set in my wechat and i cannot back my conversation up to the server it be frustrate .
before the update , i can see all photo in group and after i update , i can only see some photo , some be unable to open and download . my one suggestion be you guy should enable take sight with both front and rear camera . hope you guy should fix it in upcoming update .
just tell me how to block message from wechat team and i will give you 5 star .
just love it . such a great work . but i have a little problem i be signning in it with a new device it have a problem .
just love it . such a great work .
like it .
take way too much space on my phone . after a month or two it have fill over 4gb of the 8gb on my phone . i need to clear all data to get rid of it . store to sd card maybe nope , not an option . sort it out for 5 star .
improve video call quality as soon as possible . it seem dark .
unable to open app .
i love it .
even though at this point of time i havent instal it yet , i think its useful .
good for new app .
my phone really laggy when i instal this . pls reduce the ram usage .
thank wechat .
it crash continuously and i keep receive a message that take me back to the google play website .
its really nice .
can you guy add when the other person have see the message send .
it be good but .
love it .
i love this app , but after upgrade it to the latest 6 . 2 . 5 on my nexus6 , all my emoticon be not visible . they be download , but can't be see . already try remove and instal , work for few day , then disappear .
after update of today camera upside down .
nice app .
great program . thank a lot . it's the best application can use .
overall a good app but it's eat a lot of power on my android phone . 5 star when it's fix .
the best .
it just keep on force stop i think it be my phone's problem so i also keep restart it but when i ask my friend , they face the same problem .
video call be not good . need more improvement . and the famouse problem hang a lot .
can't use web wechat .
it's free and convenient .
love the translation app .
there be a problem with my wechat , so i uninstalled it and redownloaded it . but after that , i couldnt log in my account it keep ask me to verify my ownership of the account by select my friend photo . after i click on yes , i could only see a blank page with a blank window jump out only see ok in that window . help .
why after i updat my wechat become force to stop and cant open my wechat . i uninstall and install back but still same . force to stop . how i want open my wechat pls can u fix this back .
i like it .
after upgrade to newest version of wechat , i frequently face a problem whereby my wechat force stop and i an unable to use it any further .
in my mobile near by chat option not work . pls help .
chat backup feature be remove .
i dont know why but at one point i couldnt log into my account and when i check online it say that my id be freeze . how could that be because i didnt even do anything at all and that suck cause now i have to reinstall it in hop it will at least be accessible . whilst reinstall it , my previous data be of course go with the wind . please fix and improve this app .
why i can't download wechat after i format my phone .
why not open what happen i download yesterday why not open what i do for this .
nice app .
always ask me to force close and the wechat will be stop so i need to install it many time .
i want install it , but it keep deny . many time i keep try it . but still not work .
i love it the wechat .
why my wechat stick at the moon . i use samsung galaxy . always stick .
this be very interest app i have use .
i cannot send any image or see any picture on my moment , please fix it .
why i cant open the picture the picture always unable to download it . please fix it . i will give u 5 star after u fix it . please reply my description , wechat team .
i be ok with that .
sorry , we be unable to resolve your report about habib 2015 09 18 due to insufficient detail . thank for your support .
i want information from you company . y we have to login . it be okay for number . i want answer .
excellent service and the family .
my number be show up in profile where all can see can't hide it anyone have same problem as me .
great app but can't translate chinese anymore .
hi guy . whats wrong with the update . i cant turn the we chat on .
i'm not able to use . bcoz its not able to get location .
i just update my wechat from my phone . after that i can not log in any more . may i know what be the problem with my wechat acc .
hard to find a way add people or official account .
already upgrade to latest 6 . 2 . 5 but unable to backup chat history to phone or pc . system show search for past half hour . what go wrong .
please fix it bcoz it always say close app .
after upgrade to version 6 . 2 . 5 . , i couldn't download any image can anyone give me advice .
hello . how to delete wechat account .
so nice .
so good and so useful .
i cant backup my wechat . what can i do with it i want backup my wechat . but its only show me that restore but no backup . how can i backup it .
i love it very much .
i love it .
realy good app i love it .
because this version will not notice me when the incoming message .
love it .
i love it because it awesome .
previously i've uninstall and now when i want to install again , it have be state that it be instal for the past 20mins . why do the instal take so long .
its a easy way to talk with friend .
this apps very stupid , why the whats up cant type many word .
after update , the voice call and video call function cannot be access . please fix the icon so we can see them . update . after 6 . 3 wechat work as advertise . keep up the good work guy . thank for hear us out .
yesterday i update my wechat . unfortunately , my wechat can't be use , i can't read the moment , i can't send message or receive any message either it be bullshit because i've to uninstall and then re install back .
i like it .
actually all the service be good . but as attention please . yr location search adress not match with the place . so fakup . please upgrade as soon possible . tq .
cant share news article from htc blink fee or website .
hey , why the wechat function be not nice than before . last time we can c where the people we add from and the what's up from a person . but now we have to click more button to view a person what's up . can you fix back to the old one then i will rate it to 5 star back .
good apps . but some time i can't log in .
i cant see a new moment from my friend . also it take a very long time to log in . i always uninstall and then install it back . but nothing change . sorry for my bad english .
we chat be the best .
why i keep get unknown error during application install 24 can i know how to solve this problem please .
easy to chat with ma cousin .
how do i know if my friend be online or not .
i have to unistall it several time because the app can't to open it .
cant back up my chat history .
re instal we chat but downloding fail due to an error 902 .
nice app .
why i cannot open my we chat well . its say not enough memory card . but my memory card still leave 3 gb . it doesn't work properly please recover soon .
good app .
i think we chat should improve on we reward . we reward with one pay be not that successful . we chat should come up with oxigen this month . it will definitely increase we chat user .
love it .
very good application i really like it .
easy connection with friend in china taiwan .
im already download wechat then when i want to open its cant i'll try to open many time , but its not work can u guy tell me how .
i like it but video call not work good .
i cant make video call anymore use wechat .
use to be easy to backup restore chat history . but for ver 6 . 2 . 5 , there seem no way to backup anymore . i just can't find the way to make cloud migration work . why a simple function become so complicate .
none of the function be work .
love it .
this app be not get download plz cheek the app .
how can off vibration in shake .
where's the material design .
easy to use .
old version so nice and work good new version not good .
wechat best from cousin .
why this version keep force stop pls fix the problem immediately otherwise user can't use it .
can't upload profile photo from phone .
hey , i just format my phone yesterday and i download wechat back and it keep on force stop , and then i uninstalled and install back again it's still same , what should i do to solve this problem .
it would be nice if there's an option where in we can delete account . thank .
icant open my account use my cellphone number pls back the old version .
please help me . all image and sticker can't open . even though the moment image .
wechat account can be delete or not .
hi . why i don't have the lucky money feature and how to do the subscription account .
it just stay at the homepage and i cant sign in .
i cannot open my account . why i already try to log in many time but it be fail . i hope you can help me .
i hat it .
why cannot backup .
why i can't open my account .
love it .
network automatically shift to 3g frm wifi when use shake feature .
please help me , i change my password to voice pasword . how to log in use voice pasword again .
it do not work .
this also be good for me .
pliz inform tencent . and fix it . a month already . thunder raid .
i sign up , add a few friend and be ban . recover my account , and the next time i log it in tell me i'm use an unofficial version of wechat . wtf lol .
i wanna install chinese version of weixin be there any way .
now i can find my old friend . thank wechat team .
i be frustrate with this app . it be okay before this until few update recently . face difficulty in upload picture to moment and change profile picture . always stick and crash . the picture folder go and sometimes empty . i will uninstalling this app if this prob still not solve .
keep say network issue . but other apps connect to wifi be okay .
good app .
it's cool .
what be the problem recently i have to retrieve my acount few time d .
i like it .
hate this , it report my account for no dam reason wtf .
why xperia x10 cannot use wechat .
very good .
only show moon . 5 time download just only show moon . cannot open wchat . why .
i hate when the tittle change to chinesse and the moment all change chinesse although i set the language all english .
need more improvement on receive text message always pending .
can't open it .
sound i .
i like it because i can edit my moment and there be a lot of sticker to download .
download champ cash app submit refer no . 81851 earn 1 more .
love it .
so good .
love it .
i very love it for my wechat tq .
i live my life with what i have .
best app .
this be fucker and this be penis .
try hope success .
to make the apps more better , please set a new system for edit the moment and comment , so we don't need to worry about we have type wrong word in the wechat moment .
when i open it the wechat still load and the tittle of log in and sign up not see . please help me .
amaze app .
please advise how do i get this feature turn on . can i get account .
love it .
cant open wechat app . when i click on app it just show the picture n dnt open . i try evrything .
nice app .
good app .
it be fantastic app to chat with friend on globe .
too much ram usage , can you make it lesser please other than that , it be a great app .
can't log in with my new device because the photo in the verification process won't even load .
how to delete deactive old account .
i lose my all sticker why .
my personal sticker and download sticker cant be see . what happen actually . this second time . the first time also same and worst be cant send voice msg so i reinstall again few day back . now d problem be start again . pls check what happen . just recently this problem happen .
it be almost a month i nvr use we chat now still cannot download .
love it .
i like this app .
i don't understand why it won't let me use it on bluestacks for window . it work then it give me a text warn not to use or ur acct will be block . if it work i give it more star .
why my phone no wechat out how to find it .
my account be restrict for some reason i dont know and the captcha and verification code that be give to me to recover my account be useless .
keep lose access too . just uninstalled the app . so frustrate .
my account have be block and for the account recovery its show as this account as be seriously voilated the policy and be permanently block . though i have do nothing . help me out .
i can only connect to the server when i'm use wi fi . i be not able to connect use t mobile lte .
unable to set up an account .
fantastic it's nice cool to use it .
i download it . i wait . when the download be finish . he say app not instal . can you fix that version .
in new version there be no option for people nearby iny fone . this be what we chat team .
the best apps .
hi im have trouble of use my wechat everytime i open it . only the globe ang the shadow of a human be appear . please help how could i fix this .
an a good idea . for a while .
it desperately need a pause button when listen to a msg , so i don't have to start from the begin each time . also it'd be nice to have longer than one minute per msg . and a visible timer when leave and listen to a msg .
i like this app so much .
it always close when i try to chat with me friend .
pretty good .
simple application but use too much storage , make me feel like , eerrgghh .
in app registration error . download like 5 time still d same problem . my advice to you be don't download lest u just wanna waste ur data . crappie piece of shit app .
not bad .
great app .
great app .
i see the ios version be hack be the android version safe to use please answer if it not safe go remove it .
can chat with friend and know more people .
you need to get an account when you want to know more about chinese and their culture .
super nice .
all about wechat be great i don't think so why we will not install this software . try first then you will know it .
i cant install this app . my internet be high but still cant download .
and nice .
when i upload my photo at wechat moment it become bad and worse quality than my original photo . pleasee fix it .
this app be very clearly not ready for prime time in the western hemisphere . the english instruction and notification box be not give the right information so it's hard to know what to do . i have spend the last 1hr 50mins try just to log in after be tell again and again that i be use an unofficial version of wechat follow the onscreen prompt just take you into an endless circle of send smss that still don't unlock the app . sigh . delete .
offer more dynamic in chat .
great app .
best ever .
i suggest if wechat get provide more background and when i send the message the person already see it can show read like whatapps will be nicer .
can you please update wechat on blackberry 10 os please .
idont know .
it's actually very quick to respond from the time i start use it .
i like wechat .
i love this apps good option for massage platform eearn talktime .
not smooth and lag .
good make me search my love so much and she with me .
the resolution of the photo lower when upload to moment . and it would be great if you can change the theme like qq . i would even pay for the theme .
i can't download it .
this ninth month , my wechat do not work in 4 time why this make me so angry bcuz im can't message and want to check moment . what problem but i still want to rate 5stars .
i can't see people nearby feature . be it go forever .
its ok .
i've instal this app but when i want to open it , it doesn't work it just stick at the photo of the moon hm .
lock me out for no reason and do not let me recover . this app suck now .
i want to backup my wechat . but when i be go to do it . i cant backup my wechat anymore please do something i need to backup my wechat .
ilove wechat .
i be unable to find out people nearby . it show that location error please help me to solve this problem .
why cant backup chat .
i have notification enable in setting but i still miss message . i have to constantly open and check the app for new message because i'm not get the notification . so annoy . run on motorola droid turbo .
it work fast .
it's lag my phone please fix this , wechat team .
i mistakely uninstalled the app , but i have important chat and photo mesaages on it , so be it possible to get back my chat history i havent delete the residual file yet .
i like this app but can you plz make this app can post a gif in the moment . i really2 want that happen .
no more back up button , need migrate to other phone with scan the code what it be mean .
i have download the sticker but i cant view it . i re download it after tomorrow i cant view it again . suck . plz repair .
when we change the smart phone or install again , we lose the chat group and all data . there be no any option of restore the previous data . please solve this problem .
i can chat with my friend anytime .
my child love to play wechat , me too . it's something important that i call 5 thing important in my life .
please fix bug , i cant use my password to login ,
. could't not install . and its so poor .
a pain to use .
year best .
i love to use wechat but it show doesn't support to my device .
try the method . show this message wechat acct have seriously violate our policy and be permanently ban . please assist on the matter so that i can use the acct again .
new update its very slow .
im use samsung j5 . jus oni buy . once i open wechat . my phone will hang . i already uninstall n install it back but still same . help me .
what be the problem recently i have to retrieve my acount few time d .
love you wechat you r the best .
cannot access favourite . it tell empty . but it be not right . i have lot of favourite . how to fix it .
try use a pc base wechat app to have bigger screen . but my account get block everytime . send a support ticket to wechat team but no reply .
we chat .
seem i may not be the only one whose be lock out of my account . i have only one account that i have be use sinced i've download this and somehow there be an error even when i try to log in via sms . it do not recognize the number i've sign up with nor do it register my email . i have send an e mail to wechat's support team 5 day ago but i have yet to hear back . it use to be quite easy to log back in by sms when log off , but it appear the update make it more complicate than usual .
why cant recall chat so suck .
why isnt wechat conversation end to end encrypt .
defective app .
excellent software in the world .
why i cant send moment or message to any one . give me suggestion .
i dont know that have happen to this app , when ever i use shake option in discover than it never show me any people and after that of i mesg someone form chat option than message dosnt deliver . kindly fix this problem .
i prefer the older version .
it's so helpful thank for visit this app .
bad experience app . hang always .
i want to transfer my msg of a account to an other mobile in same account how can i do this plz help me .
good video quality . but network issue .
i hope you can add some feature on it . that can delete moment that some dont want with select key dlete . i hope u understand . hehhe .
awesome app . everybody download now .
wechat be awesome , dude .
like it .
cant open my account . password's incorrect but i havent change it eversince .
i love this app .
should delete both side when one of your contact unfriend or delete you .
i like this app .
manytimes m try to login . tell network failiure . but why . i can use my another all app . only this app i cant use . any problem .
like it .
i be use the voice audio . but , it dint work please fix this now .
when i open this app it will lag .
love it .
so far its run smoothly without any problem . but when i re install after format , the verification code sms keep on come . very annoy .
why i can't either send or upload image the animation pic also can't see . i reinstall 1 time already . shall i reinstall this app once i face this stupid problem pls fix it .
help me to chat with my old friend and my new friend .
overall be very good . but it just sometime i will receive late message . if i never go check out my message be . and also when i use we chat but yet still didn't receive any message . i have check my phone , change my sim card but the problem be still there .
update need to improve .
i can't open this app .
i can't find people near by option in this version help me in this .
i love it clear ang good to use for call .
i love it .
the software claim wechat have consume more than 800mb , but when i use the space cleanup feature , it only allow me to clean less than 10mb .
my acc say i have to make a new acc wen i try to log in mine i lose my acc 2 time pls help me .
this app . its so good . i have friend from like every where ive never even dream of go . big up .
love it .
chat with friend .
i love use wechat but believe me , i have reintsalled it like 10 time now . there be always some or other problem that i be experiencin . like for now as soon as i open someone's chat , the app would shut . and then i have to restart my phone to make it work and finally have to reinstall it . why be it always happen .
i keep on update my wechat but it keep on say error . this be very important to me . lot of memory be in there .
why do this application have so many storage .
the best .
this app be very frustrate . my account have be block and i have go through all the step to unlock it and the app just respond by say my mobile number be unavailable . i set this account up while in china and have many new friend that i only can contact through wechat but i have be lock out of my account for day with no response to my email from customer service .
download the app from google play store . every time i go to use , i get your account be lock due to an unofficial version . where do i get an official version if not from playstore . try uninstall reinstall , then it say go to account recovery , when you go through the process it tell me im use the wrong number . totally frustrate and very bad support . would not recommend as there be better way to stay in touch .
my wechay cant receive send out image voise msg .
very nice app .
i dont like the new update . please .
pls let us have edit in our moment . such as we accidently spell error we need to change .
go i try to login its take to long load and still can't open thru my handphone . please solve it .
review by .
i can't download wechat again . please help me . i want on my wechat back .
wow i like this communication .
after update android 5 , my wechat can't show the sticker .
always crash when i press this app .
it's always tell me that i've lose connection to the server although i have a very good connection to my wifi and data . recent update make the problem worse . please fix this asap .
where be social feature and people nearby .
this apps its better than the other apps .
how to play wechat on pc .
i've forget my old acc's password and now when i wanna get it back , i've try many way but cant work , when it's say send verification code , it doesn't send to me even my number be right , i've be wait for hour for it to send the verification code .
hello . i open the wechat application but i have the problem . the problem be . i can't sign in because they not have a button so please help me how to sign in .
everything timely i try get my friend as a contact it say user not find .
honestly the stupidest app ever .
i love it so much .
cannot backup anything .
failure why pl tell me .
when i start on whecat always force close . why my internert it's ok . no have problem .
the app always force close whenever i open the chat . it really annoy me when i type a long chat and the app close . so i need to retype . it also always force close whenever i open my favourite . after that , i can't use my account and i need to uninstall the app . i install the app many time but it still like that . please fix this .
love it very much .
it have become so bore every time i use people near by i find the same old bore people as well as lately i can not search for people if i be not connect to wifi and that i find stupid please fix or my rat carry on loose a star .
i like .
why cant i install wechat i've try to install other apps , it can . but cant install wechat why .
the backup feature be go now version 6 . 2 . 5 .
how the acount delt pls tell .
very nice app . love it .
very good .
wechat be popular around the world .
i have be use this since last 5 year and quite happy with it till recently . with recent update , i be not able to take regular back up . i can't see back up option , it just have restore option . please let me know , how to take back up use cloud migration .
good to see nearby friend .
at first they be tell that keep send sticker in group and get mobile recharge upto 200 250 upto some date . at redemption time there's no option for recharge our mobile .
overall , a really great app . just wanna ask , be there any way to transfer or recover old conversation from a break phone to a new phone .
i be enter correct user name and password but it show server access fail .
this app be so noob . its make my phone laggy .
i like wechat .
version we chat 6 . 25 cnnt make video call . after video . call direct change to phone call . and the image lag .
app do not even work .
why the moment pic always cannot see .
take time while download .
this be very nice app . but when i update mobile that time app be uninstalld . nw m try to install it but it show error . plz help me out . plz reply .
not much good application . its get dc every single time . shake feature be not work at all . although spamming from unknown user computer bot .
i really like this app .
hi , how can i backup my chat history conversation and restore back once reset my phone . my current wechat version be 6 . 2 . 5 hope to get your reply of my query . thank you .
my wechat didn't refresh , i can't chat with others .
my xiaomi redmi note cannot load picture in moment after the latest update . pls fix it soon . solve thx tencent team .
wechat be the best chat app . please add some feature from whatsapp like feature .
love it .
that's really nice apps .
still have the same problem . be not get any message and notification . i can't even post anything on my moment . again , i have to uninstall and reinstall the app .
love it .
it show a moon and earth from space .
love it .
use it since 2013 , best chat app ever .
not realy please be good in your progress .
people nearby it cannot use it .
wechat now force you to do the wifi migration instead of cloud migration . this migration have never work so you can't transfer phone without clear your chat history . 1 . connect both device two same wifi network . 2 . open migration screen on original device 3 . log in on new device . 4 . cannot scan qr code 5 . lose your entire chat history . please roll back the change which remove cloud migration or fix the wifi migration so that it actually work reliably .
very nice .
i've use it before . it be not bad then but many have not know about the app then .
lookout mobile just send out a mass email inform people of your apps lack of security and basically instal malware into both android and apple user thank so much .
hello wechat team i'm bother about the circumstance issue . it happen that i want to mention my friend from my post , in comment section , but when i use symbol , not a single name pop up . be the function not available yet or i'm the only one who's go through this issue if not , would be great if you could add it up . thanx .
why my wechat cannot open anymore be always not respond why i hope you can solve the problem early .
thank wechat because of you i can stalk mylover crusher . thank a lot .
it the best apps ever .
when login wechat phone always stick n hang . dont know why .
i love this app .
cnt download .
work good .
good way of stay in constant touch .
be okay when use it .
no problem .
when i try to open the moment , it will automatically crash .
how to delete my wechat account .
hi . i face a problem since i cannot open it . please help me . i try many time to dowload it again but it still show pleople and the moon . please . help me .
it always crash . help me . i can't open it .
it be a good app but if you run into some issue , don't expect a healthy response . you be ask to do a lot of thing for the issue to be solve . so you spend some time out of your busy life for no use .
can't receive message . need to reinstall only can send and receive message .
thank for information .
i like it .
it work well and doesn't lag that much .
want to download .
after update , the photo send by friend cannot be see .
why we chat have no feature to lock account like qq or line . cause i think its better for wechat to make this feature . i really like my privacy safe . thank .
someone scam me can you help me track that guy .
hey wechat team i cant log in do i have to be 13 .
i be soo happy that this app be create .
very good .
i can't seem to start the app . i recently download wechat but it won't run . i try delete and redownloading . it won't work . i already have an account . how can i run the app .
on my ipad there be a virus and it make a chain saw noise . , and i be video call my friend and it make the same exact noise on my android zte .
better more then others application .
it's cool but slow in response .
how to delete the we chat account . can anyone explain please .
after update the latest version , my favourite keep say your wechat version be too old to show certain content install the latest version of wechat . can i know what be the problem .
nice job .
nearby option be not work .
cool app .
how to delete my account .
time waste .
have difficulty over the past year with photo organization i would try to send a photo but would find that it be randomly organize when try ti select them . this would mean scroll through thousand of photo just to find one . workaround be to use the share button from the android gallery .
during i tap on voice message icon , its notifiying me that i should troubleshoot something and bla . bla . after that i tap on upload and nothing be happen . actually i dont know what be the problem now . pls help me .
love it .
so why can't we save our log in the cloud server yet there's a button there that allow us to restore from it be there a way .
it say can't use camera data . i can see others but they can't see me .
i want to make payment with my wechat account , how can i do that need response as soon as possible .
this app suck .
we chat .
i love it .
i be a new person .
please include deactivate account button too .
lately i cannot see the picture that be send by my friend or post by them . its so frustrate . i love it but please just fix that one problem n it will turn in to a 5 star app . please fix it .
i have try in many time install and uninstall . but still can't open wechat thru my tab . how can be like that how to solve this problem i really like to use wechat . pls reply .
there be .
good app .
it's okay but . i really wish font size could be much smaller . the small font be too big for me . which mean large could be kill my eye already .
how can i deactivate my wechat account .
we chat .
it's stick while i open it and just show a pic the world and human .
like this to use .
i have some problem , when i open up my moment , i can't see photo and sight of my friend . please help me .
it be good .
why can't i update my wechat apps my wc be not in latest version so it's give me some problem to view favourite . help me please .
i really enjoy use wechat .
this be the best app ever don't ever delete this app .
in my sony xperia sl there be no option avaiable of look around . so please fix it soon team .
great app .
nice app really ok .
why i can't install wechat .
it turn black when i first log in say its not respond . what the .
this app be absolutely amaze . love the new 6 . 0 interface .
can't connect with my phone book .
why i don't have the wallet .
cant see people nearby .
it be easy to work with .
good app .
i dunno if this be a cool app but i feel it be .
this be so sad .
this be my fifth time i have to install this app again and again . i don't know what's the problem but i'm get feed up .
why my account always have unable to access the server i just have buy data internet .
great app .
if i open my friend wall i cant hear their sight improve it pls .
love it very much .
i cant install this wechat for my samsung note 2 , why .
i cant load any image send from anyone . can u fix it .
last time my bro use this phone number . he set his wechat id . i want to change but it say cannot .
because of run it on bluestacks it freeze my account . by the way , it's too complex to backup my chat history to migrant them to another device .
please fix that time and clock at chat and in moment . sorry bad english . and please fix . tq .
when i call someone they can not hear me but i can hear them very well .
not good my cam's display be reverse i cant find setting to fix .
i love wechat , but recently i keep be unable to see any of the . gif picture i have send in message , or download . the only fix seem to be a re install , but it happen again every week or so . the call facility be fantastic , and in every other way wechat be reliable and excellent .
the best app in the world .
how funny that wechat still lag even though i'm use note 5 .
amaze application ever .
when i send my video the app go out by itself .
pop up notification be really annoy , but i don't want to disable notification .
i can't able to backup my chat like before fix it only restore option there .
i really like the app but i can't use it on my new phone . i keep say to verify account , but when i do i get a white screen and nothing else happen . please help .
no chat backup option in new version .
i update recently . but the voice message doesn't reach to my friend plus image cannot be download .
i can't download it .
cannot login and cannot download wechat .
i can't download , what can i do .
its too much gig tht i need . however , its best .
i don't know my qq info and that seem to be the only way to retrieve my account i create in china . please advise . thx .
love it .
it very good too chat and call .
love it .
i have be use this app from last 3 n a half year and be the 1st one to use among my large friend circle . be happy and proud that , i have recommend my friend tn use this . they be joing too . excellent work by the wechat developer .
every time iek .
i can't seem to start the app . i recently download wechat but it won't run . i try delete and redownloading . it won't work . i already have an account . how can i run the app .
cloud backup be better than migrate to the other device . and now i prefer the old version more than the new one z .
pls keep open always .
the old verification code keep send to my number and when i want to connect back to wechat the new code not send to me .
last few week both call be not work . so no use with this app .
how to deactivate wechat .
feature and chat auto stop work .
it good apps but what if i forget my password .
couldn't change profile pic pls fix this problem to easily change profile as the user want .
already update but cant open it now . why .
why this new wechat can't use people nearby . i've be uninstall wechat for 3 time . and download again for 3 time . stil can't use people nearby .
i love it .
i cant open wechat on samsung galaxy young . be it too big .
i love this so much .
how to use my laptop download wechat .
allways on time .
work great love the emojis and all the feature it provide .
awesome app .
u can't reach ur family member who be celebs i try to text mynephew isaac lupen from miami to canada and i could , not and my nephew be know as eldon in the next step pls reply now .
i love it .
cloud backup function be no longer available while you can back up whatsapp to google now . disappoint . btw , stop post the same reply to similar complaint without directly address the concern . we know we can back it up use window , but we want to find out why you take away the useful function .
thank you .
i have try in many time install and uninstall . but still can't open wechat thru my tab . how can be like that how to solve this problem i really like to use wechat . pls reply .
it's good .
wechat verification code sms be trigger every hour since i have instal the application . pls fix asap . uninstalling now after wait for over 2 day .
i need backup my chat history .
it hang every other day . sorry to say . but the service be pathetic . i update it whenever it demand but it still hang frequently . i be not able to send any message or receive any .
it's take a long time for load . and when i try to download it . it's keep say invalid package file .
my late account cannot open why i still use same number .
i like it here im famous here .
how to .
no response from wechat team , i can't shake it say not support .
i try to like we chat , i really try to use it but it's not user friendly at all . every time that i've download it . i wud go through the verification process . then every time i try to do something i get a message that i'm not verify . so . i give up .
new york .
why cant i see what be my friend list picture also their video when they post it on moment . and i cant see what their post .
not sure what's go on , whenever i try to open it on my wear device it keep ask me to press to try again even though i've log in to wechat on phone and connect it to my watch .
not real .
this my third i'm install this app . i unistall it because can't 0pen it . it just sh0w the m00n pic and then get blank . after that , get back t0 my fh0ne h0mescreen .
why so hard to download .
why no chat back up .
this be new to me . will have to try it out sometime . not very clever with my phone yet but i be learn every day . x .
it be free to sms and call . i love it .
i be use greenify and when i hibernate wechat i stop receive push notification . gcm can do this reliably on other apps but be not support by wechat .
why i can't watch the sight my friend also can't .
i need help . how can we make we chat out call , i mean how can we make call for regular phone number one of my friend make call use we chat please inform me . thank you .
how to delete ac . i don't want that acc anymore and want to make another acc .
everytime i try to log in and it take much time , then i have to wait for the load . plis fix it .
i like to wechat but not open this app why .
please make more smaller word haha .
very good .
love it .
someone be hack my account .
after update , i can't receive and send the photo . even moment photo and video also can't open . hold and talk can not use too . useless version 6 . 2 . 5 . support team please fix it and advise me the solution .
no more type just tap a button and start talk like walkie talkie great way to make internet call too .
like it .
why my device cannot use voice message cannot see image , photo that my friend send to me through wechat .
love it .
its so beautiful and it make friend ship .
i like it .
first i uninstall . and then when i try to install back it cant doawload . please help me .
after i upgrade my wechat to version 6 . 2 . 5 , all the message be not send to my friend and i cannot refresh my moment . please help me . tell me what's the problem . tq .
i love wechat .
no recall button .
like it .
so nice .
i cant seem to send any picture to my contact nor to my moment . but i can receive picture from them . why be that .
wtf cannot back up chat history only available for two phone seriously i need to buy another phone to back up my history suck wechat .
the problem still not solve .
cannot view all photo include my photo . even my memory card have alot of free space .
cant send a message after awhile . pls fix it .
please help me , i can't open my favourite and when i try to open it . my account stick . after that , i can't log in my account back until i install wechat app back . i lose all my photo from wechat . i install my wechat many time and it still same . please do something .
its start make me annoy . make a problem every single time . have u out of your mind . think .
after the last update , it doesnt work anymore , it juat show the splash screen then . crash , try a factory reset and fresh install it still doesnt work .
lol i can log in now , all be well .
best but many time video call problem .
i have it before . but now can't install it anymore .
i dont have the backup option for my phone .
longer sight would be grateful .
now not send request to other people . now dsys chat make new friend .
its one of my favorite i use to delete and install again coz of work matter . but i love this app .
i cant login with facebook . why .
i love this thx .
i cant backup my chat history . the instruction ask me to click back but it do not hv the back button for me to click . what should i do .
why the hell do it uninstall itself when i turn off my phone fvcking suck .
please give an update for the same .
i like .
i forget my password and try forget password then it say unable to log in . please help .
it's an app of my dream .
i try to login my acount n it always load until 4 percent n lag there .
reasonably good .
wow wechat be a great social chat .
the best app .
i so love we chat .
i think , for wechat moment , the duration of the sight need to be add , or moment can upload a video at least several minute , or unlimited .
it's really good and i can even chat with them in no problem .
i wait almost 1 hour but its doesn't download . i try download another application it just okay .
late download hnmm .
what happen . i cant recover my acc . it say recover but it dosent work .
why be tencent remove the cloud backup migrate to another phone be good but you guy should keep both . people need it sometimes .
nothing to say .
why my phone cannot upload we chat .
why my wechat cannot open very bad .
others be complain bitterly that the site be not genuine so be try to form opinion at the completion of the survey .
after upgrade to current version , i no longer have the option to backup my chat log . i only have the restore option . this just happen on my ipad as well what give .
i cant sing up because it say that my phone number be invalid . fix it please .
good wechat .
i really like it but one problem it keep on close .
very nice .
so good .
good social apps , with new feature .
after my phone reformated . i download my wechat and i just see the earth . and it not respond . please identify my problem and solve it . i use samsung gt s5300 . the old version be better than this .
why do you have to put a number .
useful tool but only user misuse it , but wechat still my main apps to connect around .
very nice way to connect your friend family so many interest featurs .
nice apps .
i will download it right now .
i delete my old message in the phone by mistake and i do not have backup . how can i get the old message back .
love it .
like it too much . activity be so good .
lovely one .
why my custom sticker invisible . i dont know what happen . please give back my custom sticker .
nice one .
its previous version be better atleast in shake function there be everyone at every place but now it show only chinese people nt indian .
there be no sign to know who be off line nd who be on line . please fix this nd create sing to show on line user .
love it great app .
to install be a pain .
beautiful stoker be there and more chat option like keyboard and voice .
i have to remove important conversation to save storage space .
not bad .
hate this app .
please i want to change my id without change account . please make it . i hope so .
we chat be perfect .
and cannot see old picture that be send in chat . and there be no audio if i see my own sight from my moment page . please fix .
can't backup over the cloud .
very good .
i try many time i only have 1 mobile number and password .
don't like that my phone number be now visible on my profile for everyone to see , don't want anyone to just text or call me . wish there be an option to not have my number visible .
from this vedio call be not connect .
cool app .
pls fix it . thank you .
please improve the image quality to its original quality . image which be post in moment seem to be in bad quality which be blur from its original quality . hd image turn into bad quality . even profile picture look bad as the image quality worst . make sure the image that be post in moment be at its original quality . nowadays many photographer quit from use wechat because of this problem . please fix this as soon as possible .
after i uninstall my wechat , my wechat can't install . why .
love it .
wechat verification code sms be trigger every hour since i have instal the application . pls fix asap .
but can you fix the quality photo .
please help me , i can't open my favourite and when i try to open it . my account stick . after that , i can't log in my account back until i install wechat app back . i lose all my photo from wechat . please do something .
nice app .
the cookie man never wave to me .
love this application very useful .
pls help . im use android 4 . 4 , but wn i try to shake it show my phone be not support for shake . after format phone i have this problem .
i love it .
can you make the favourite section slidable please . everything else be perfect .
do not receive some of the message and always crash .
after upgrade to current version , i no longer have the option to backup my chat log . i only have the restore option .
please , can i change my id i want to change my id .
after i update this app , i cant open anymore . and when i install back , it cant install . please help me .
it be create launch icon twice in main screen . it create one icon when application get instal . and one more icon be get create after activation .
try the method . show this message wechat acct have seriously violate our policy and be permanently ban . please assist on the matter so that i can use the acct again .
when i log in to my wechat acc , this app always need to verify friend photo or number phone even when all my friend number phone i type there the word sumbit can't success it . fix it please .
the what's up should locate down the region .
i want to delete my account and i dont know how .
nice app need a little bite improvement in people near by .
after backup . the photo in the chat be unable to download . how to fix this help me please .
very good .
i would give 5 star with love if it have option to see whose online and last see too .
i really love the app it make me closer to belove one .
it's a very good app , but i can't backup my chat history anymore with the new update . please fix .
i wish wechat can change id .
it be so late to install .
not bad .
it'll be the most amaze apps if will show if the other person online or not cause its annoy when you wanna know if the others be online or not .
again wechat close automatically itself . why i can't even use it . sad pls fix then i will rate for 5 star . after i've clear the data it can be open but not to reach even 5minutes wechat close itself .
i use only message .
i dont know what be happen to it . my wechat cant be open . i dont know what to do , want to open it so bad any suggestion please .
it so . good .
unable to log into my account , and facebook connect be constantly unavailable .
so fun .
i think , for wechat moment , the duration of the sight need to be add , or moment can upload a video at least several minute , or unlimited .
like the app .
be you kid me . this application have no account delete option . i do a google search and i find that i have to send them email to delete my account . this be really lame trick .
love it .
wicked cool . solid app .
be okay when use it .
create an account last night and now it's tell me that this version be expire and my account be compromise which be ridiculous as this be a brand new tablet and account and i receive the sms and input it multiple time but to no avail .
why all my contact profile pic be go .
my wechat can't send picture and sight .
i can chat with my lovely friend .
now limit and just can save 150 sticker . that's be not enough . and than its also limit can delete with tick be 100 massage . hopeless its will adjust to unlimited to save sticker and delete massage . also the set to backup massage be solve it . hopely its will like the old version . that easy to backup and restore . and than now want send sticker too difficult b coz after send its will come to first page so must find again on the back page . pls solve all of this problem to make batter .
i love this app but i have a problem to delete my moment coz i have lot of them so its pretty difficult to delete my status one by one seriously its alot of work so can you do something about this thank you .
good app .
i want to delete my old acc to make new acc . i cant find the delete button .
i can't make a sight . it say that i be block . please fix it .
when i touch the icon its stick at the moon picture .
if someone post sight , please make that sight can save at phone and we can post it at our moment . if you fix it , i will give you 5stars .
make the app lose its appeal . sorry guy try a different app .
i try to download it . but i can't .
please teach me . i have wechat locke .
too bad can't back up history chat like previous . support team should fix it instead of ask us back up via pc . how to back for those don't have pc .
very good .
its cool .
use iphone 5s . my wechat get problem with notification . no alert even i turn it on already .
good and love it .
pls make the sight video downloadable to storage . be a user for many year and this be the only thing i want for now to this ap .
love it .
i can't use my mobile data to message and check the moment but for some reason this app just work fine with wifi connect . please solve this problem .
it's easy to find someone .
this be good .
i cant on this wechat help me please .
i m block about last year . what i can do .
nice app .
can't create an account be try for 3 day . code to be send via sms and nothing to date .
its ok .
my wechat always shut down and ask me to reset the data . please fix it .
my ac be not open .
wechat 6 . 2 . 5 do not compatible with android 5 . 1 . 1 . after i upgrade to android 5 . 1 . 1 . the wechat can only connect via wifi , can not connect through phone's network . i'm keep get server connection fail error . other app such as facebook , do not have such connection problem . i'm use sony xperia z2 with t mobile . try clear data , uninstall , reinstall . nothing work .
don't even put your own in wow they suck don't get it .
awesome connection .
that doesn't work for me . that be not my thing . it bad credit history .
cause she be all the way in maryland .
when my phone shutdown . it uninstall by it self . and everyday i must download it again . help la .
i love it .
i cannot move my history from another phone to this phone as there have no respond when i scan the qr code . can i downgrade to old version .
wechat , in one app combine so many way to communicate internationally , accross political boundary . i meet many great people here , might marry one of them . we can chat , voice call , video chat , send all kind of data . i cannot do that to china on any single , or combination of apps , other than wechat . brilliant .
how can i backup from my device not another because previous still get this future .
everytime i log out , to change acc i cant find the change login mode or the more that's on the bottom . please fix .
every time i try to sign up they post me that my number be invalid thus i have a work phone number so what should i do .
i get new number and try 30 time log in . it still give me masseg invaled phone number how if . in dont have any account befor . why it do this with me . i exit to try this program .
great video call connectivity .
i cant refresh any moment or update any picture cause it say no internet connection but my connection for other apps be prefect . why this happen so many time .
i cant backup my chat after update . so suck .
we chat be osem .
why remove cloud backup feature for chat history also please enable data backup for helium app . except these two complain , it's the best social and message app . recommend .
my mssage successfuly send but reciver reject this . what be the problam .
i select shake again and again but no result find in it . i m in problem for two day .
i still cannot receive a msg for confirmation number . i've try a hundred time .
nyc app .
its a good apps .
nice application . but need to improve . want to know who be in online or offline .
i love it , but i can't watch my friend send with me pic . be why pic never error load .
everything be go fine while use . i mostly love this app . and still new approach be need in cod reliability .
i be very disappoint everything good but one issue be that we can't know who friend be online or not no anyone signal msg deliver or not i m suggest to we chat team please add function last see , online show , msg deliver double tick sign and add msg read function also . i hope you work as soon as possible thank you .
i will just test if it may good for me .
nice way to chat with .
worst experience . complicate to recover password .
app should be prohibitted .
really nyc apps we can connect with others without any number and also make new friend via use this apps .
very good .
pretty good to go .
like it .
love it .
when i press for the frin camera to work , it do nothing .
please fix voice call please . there's no sound when call .
very nice .
very nice .
once app be close and background occupy memory be remove you should see two background process still run , but i notice 0 process be run . at this moment i can't receive any push message from wechat . but this app be run fine in my huawei p8 phone .
very good .
shake and drift be not work after the new update .
this be a worst update evr , in this update u can't backup chat .
very best way to connect communicate with world .
let see what happen .
wechat work brilliantly until the latest update . now i can't view photo people send me previously , and can't view most sticker . please can you fix this .
gud one .
wechat have the most ridiculous verification method , once i change a simcard , it will drive me crazy to use it in new phone .
crash after take photo , back to home page . and same problrm repeat again .
wechat video call be not work . can you fix it guy .
the best of app .
people can't find me use people nearby function . what be wrong with my account at least tell me if i'm be block or something . why do it happen to my account .
increasw the success combine rate please .
this app now suck . can't find people nearby even though location on keep say no people find and can't know whether a message be read or not .
it's be great app ever .
already download but can't open .
i cant back up my chat history . it keep ask me to enable chat migration in set but i cant find the set anywhere .
it will be more better if we can see who be online like whatsapp .
wechat usage more ram . please fix it .
i want to backup my chat but i can't . what can i do to backup my chat conversation .
this be a lie . i hit the mark and it keep tell me my number do not exist . account too not accessible . this thing be not real .
this be the funest chat ever if you want to have fun try wechat it's bad ass .
why i be cant send my name card and 4rm the group i be cant forword the name card .
nice app .
wow thank for improve o you be cool now video its clear .
best app ever make , tk yu wechat team for provide the best chat app ever make .
nyc app .
very nice for video call . so clearly .
it be a good communicate application .
its good app .
easy communicate w people .
iost my account .
keep get acct lock to the point that my account get permanently ban . appreciate if you can assist on this .
i cant log in to wechat use facebook email anymore . can give the solution .
best app .
i love it .
best ever .
the verification code be so late .
need improve in moment . need upoload music still dont know how . but im glad to use wechat in connect with friend . thank you .
y cannot swipe the chat to go out like others .
i just get a new number and its there on wechat under some other name and i keep receive unsolicited phone call . don't you guy do a verification check or something . kindly erase that number . will share u the number once u reply .
seem i may not be the only one whose be lock out of my account . this have be the only account that i have be use for year and somehow there be an error even when i try to log in via sms . it do not recognize the number i've sign up with nor do it register my email . i have send an e mail to wechat's support team , hopefully they can fix the issue . it use to be quite easy to log back in when log off , it appear to be more complicate than usual . quite frustrate , to be honest .
love it .
hi how to recover my wechat acct . i reset my fon and when i install wechat can't find my acct .
make auto backup for chat please because some of my chat be important .
all the time .
not enough space device on my wall . it's trouble with my search .
when i want to refesh the moment , its always stay with the old post . why i cannot refresh it when i logout , its take long time to login again . i love this app . please fix this .
give lot of offer and coupon .
i have my we chat 6 . 2 . 5 version . but why i cant have those feature you post . or even i cant get 6 . 2 . 6 version .
very clear so awesome . excellence apps .
after update i can't ace my accout . lose my account .
i use galaxy grand prime 4g . i try to use gps it's nt work .
why the wechat cant open im succesfully install the app .
need to get back my contact .
i've try many way to getback my old acc . via phone number . retrieve password . none of that method can bring back my old acc .
love it .
super app for voice message and other medium transfer .
how to delete my old acc .
nice software .
not bad ok for this moment .
i cannot open my wechat . and always eror . tire to reinstall it again and again .
keep get acct lock to the point that my account get permanently ban . appreciate if you can assist on this .
sometimes my moment doesn't update even though i reftesh it , i need to uninstall and install it again if i wanna make it update , just what be this kind the problem .
since the new update , have not be able to back up chat history . accord to support i can backup locally via wechat for window . but there be no option for that . there be only chat migration to another phone . this be ridiculous . please fix .
i beg to you please fix up and update this application . i cant install it . hope to much .
change to 1star . the clip store in favorite cannot be share in moment after wechat be update to latest version , disappoint .
stay tune with friend and many more .
i have be use wechart for over three year now but i dn't know if it be my phone which be give me problem , i be use sony ericsson xperia arc .
really good social app .
easy to chat with friend .
why many wechat user use this application and will close it self , because many data , gm please fix bug , many thank , dont make us dissapoint again .
use it for less then 24 hour , everything work nice fairly similar to apps like telegram . out of the blue my account be lock . go through the step to recover password after unblock it and it's ask me for driver licence passport and other such info never put that info in when i first start or do it even ask for it upon sign up . personally i don't trust it now and would advise everyone to be cautious about use this app . if i'm mistake then sorry for the bad review .
i lose my account it say wrong password .
i have update but still no read receipt and online status . provide read receipt .
ok but i cant open it on my phone .
love it .
please fix , i can't seem update it , i try uninstalling it and reinstall it back but couldn't bcs of whatever that error 492 be .
sometimes it be get slow .
love this app it now even come with the call out feature where i can call to any number , any device and any country i will continue to support this app keep up the good work .
hello there , im just wanna talk about photo privacy . if i block someone , i hope they can't see our profile picture again or have the access to read our previous conversation because i myself experience to be scold by a cheater to use my picture take from wechat and my picture have be send to others user out there . thank .
some time it be so late to download the picture and voice message and also can't get message also .
after i upgrade , the moment be not function until now . even if i send picture on pm , its not send , ur previous version work really fine , but now , no longer function , please help me .
awesome app .
cnnot download due to an error 194 and 927 .
one of the best app .
i would give 5 star with love if it have option to see whose online and last see too .
why i cannot change my wechat name and the signature .
how can i restore my previous conversation with other contact .
love it .
be it possible to permanently remove an account from wechat .
i really like this fun .
great . love it .
very useful .
voice call issue when i update new version plz fix this thank you .
when im login to my originaly account . it's say wait for 24hrs and try to login again .
good app , i be use this for both audio video call .
like it .
i like it .
wonderful app .
sometimes i bore with this app .
awesome app .
funny n so easy for video call .
cannot install . why .
unable to set only look for other shake user by country or location .
i cant backup my chat history . it keep disconnect when merge . can u plz make the old backup .
not work in asus zenfone 4 android lollipop . always force close without any notification .
i can't log in or sign up bodyelse be show on ma number .
thank you .
a recommend of my close friend make me to checkout and use the app very hearted . hope it would be useful to me . thank you to wechat and my friend who recommend me .
why i cannot download wechat on my sony c3 .
i cannot open my fren moment . moment not display . i only can open my fren moment and read . picture n sight cannot open .
always cannot receive chat from friend .
your apps be seriously dissapointing . always unable to resend or update my photo in my moment . plea fix or do something about it .
hi can't back up my message , i click the backup set it give me the scan qr , after i reset my phone my i try to restore my all message back use the scan qr code , but it say unable to scan . now i can't get back my old message back , i prefer last time's back up message .
the best apps .
i can't use the people nearby function . i try to reinstall the app but it still doesn't work . can someone tell me what's wrong .
i love it but keep force stop pls fix it .
cannot access wechat logo in my menu . because it keep miss . just can open through play store . already uninstall and reinstall twice . but still the same .
someone use my phone number from another device to get this app i dont use this never will but i want my number remove from their account asap and i will file a police report . i get a verification pin text from you all this morning .
my wechat keep crash today . i have switch off the phone for few time , and clear the phone memory , but still not able to open the app , it will crash immediately whenever i try to open the app .
i can't reinstall wechat after format my phone . i don't get it why could u please fix this .
im sorry , wechat iz fake . wereward be not work properly the way the tencent have promise . task be that to send sticker daily in a group . but i have send over that and . still it show send sticker in group . i hate now tencent team . for the new user yu must be warn . they be only targetting for the user day .
i love it .
like to use this app . good 4 group chat .
my ppl nearby be not work . i've try it several time n it say go back n try again . i've reinstall it many time same problem exist . damn .
when use video call , my friend can't hear my voice even my network data connection be stable .
i love it .
try and you gonna be happy .
i love it .
it doesn't notify me when i recieve a message .
update be useless .
its great but always need to be update .
not bad , but i cannot download it .
hate this cant downlord .
sometimes its freeze suddenly . damn it . need to re install back .
i can communicate with beloved one although our distance be far . its such a good app .
i love this app .
it be not instal after installation it be say that the app do not instal in the default installation location can anybody tell me that what be the solution of this problem please .
even after complete the group task the account do not reflect balance , it show balance will be add in one hour but it be not add even after 2 day .
its awsome .
i need it .
real way to connect new ppl .
can not upload profile picture , cannot add people , shake people nearby doesn't work . such a crap wot's wrong may be the worst way to connect .
horrible app too much info .
the latest update keep say click back and enable cloud migration chart log . however there be no such thing to enable , so you can't backup your day .
everything ok .
love it .
sticker send but it doesn't show any credit .
please help to stop all the verification code with immediate effect .
do not download above88percent .
can't login , can't install , what's problem for it .
sticker send in group but credit not give 10 .
when i update wechat . i can't see any photo at moment . i also can't post any photo that i want . why this happen .
i love it very much . it be the best for me .
whenever i find iraqi people be feel cancer .
it sucvccksds .
love it .
i cant see image of my friend on moment please help me immediately
sometimes not available . why haa .
so i get a new samsung s6 edge and try to log in , i log in fine with password but need to verify with a friend's photo but it have an error and doesn't let me choose a single photo so now i can't even use my wechat account now .
why it take hour to log in .
i like .
first time use wechat .
quick and easy app to communicate .
sticker download automatically when on wi fi .
i hve an old a c on this app nd some important photo , video or msg . i need them . when i instal it there no option to log in or sign up . it be blnk and i need my everything .
i have a lot of guy but rude one .
need a online service .
it's nice . i get a little use of it now . i like the tuzki office sticker . it's funny . hope to see more of tuzki's .
please take a look , i have nexus 5 run android6 . 0 developer preview , moto 360 .
cannot send and receive any message for a day . please fix it .
ok , i try video call and i have strong wifi , ditto on other but we both have be attempt to vid call but it never connect , we can vid call anyone else just not each other . and we really hate that its do it . use my acc on another device still do not work . use some1 el we chat acc entirely and it can call each other just fine . so whats up wechat team any answer to this problem i would hate to keep ask to use others acc and theyre device just to call some1 .
wechat have be unable to determine my location i can't see people nearby i have uninstalled and re instal yet no way please help me .
hey , ho .
hello wechat team sometimes im gonna open wechat its will reject and its need me to wait up or clean the wechat data . i hope you will take an action for my argue . thank .
cannot see new moment of my friend . keep refresh but no new moment , same with chat , cannot send to others . fix this .
i like it .
love it .
why no last see or deliver make it more like whatsapp must show online .
i like this app so much .
i don't have an option for wechat wallet . but my friend on a similar phone and the same version do any idea .
can't find the backup button for chat history .
can't use video call .
your app be cool . but i have some problem with it . i have call someone and everytime i get a network error and my internet be very good . i hope this problem will be solve .
network issue for call .
suddenly cannot video call . please fix it .
after my re installation of wechat , please automatically show the group chat that i be in . it's very not user friendly when i can find no way to get in touch with the group if the group member do not say anything , i need to personally ask somebody in the group to say something so that the group chat be show again in my list .
shake feature be not work . wht the f this be .
i can't change my profile picture eventhough i already click the picture that i want .
verry good aap can run with low livel of intenet .
wow . i love it .
great thing to connect people .
my account be block show to enter password or try again . please help me to open my account again .
i dont know what happen when i open my wechat , it suddently close . i have try a thousand time but it always say wechat be not respond so i delete it plz fix it .
i hope wechat can be more just like we can see if their be read our chat or not or can see last see . that they on all not to bad but if wifi slow the wechat can't use .
unable to login . i'm stucked where a man maybe a gay be face the earth . help .
best app ever .
like it . use every day . keep me contact with all my friend .
this be my first time to use this app . i hope i'll enjoy .
the moment always cannot be see since last week .
every time i just play this one wechat .
issue when search to chat .
i love the simplicity and uniqueness it have .
i once unisntall it . when im try to install it back , it just error . please fix it .
before this , i install my wechat and i uninstall it for a minute . when i want to install , it can't . how i want to install it back .
we chat .
i love it this apps good to use .
its great app .
coz always hang when not delete chat history .
why my wechat when i scroll down and want to open image or sight at moment it always go back to the top after i close the image or sight . its very painful if i already scroll down so far and then it become like that huh . same for the chat it will close the chat after i open the image or sight or tag people . also it happen when i go to my friend moment . please fix it asap .
i don't find out how to delete my account .
i love it .
can you do wechat same whatsapp who online and who offline .
the new update get slower at open app , i hate see a man and an earth in distant so long on the open . fix .
wait 1 hour to download it . arghh .
a k .
great app very useful .
no deactivate option . need to keep that .
love to play .
i have back up my contact use wechat in previous version . after the update i cannot get them back .
it be sch a gud app .
excellent app .
nice support team . thank u .
i cannot open it after i already download it .
the app be best and awesome .
i really like this app .
use to be able to backup the chat history online . recent version render that incapable . all it ever say be click back and enable chat log migration . what a load of nothing . that's exactly what be happen .
i can't recover my wechat id . please help . i try alot , with my number too . verification menu didn't show anything .
always have problem when log in . it's load and it take too long . i'm surely my phne have not instal any other apps than wechat . but it's too heavy .
unable to download it keep load and load .
i can't recover my wechat id . please help . i try alot , with my number too . verification menu didn't show anything .
best app ever .
though i can see people nearby . people can't see my profile .
how can i add wallet function .
after the last update , it crash , cannot sign in anymore . please fix the problem .
really fantastic to have wechat out for android but be the feature interfere with samsung note 3's device volume . after i make a call out , my note 3 volume drop to a whisper .
i like to collect all the like in the moment n i never touch it . when it become 20k it go for nothing . wtf .
love it .
not so good not so bad .
previously it be nice use this app . but now from last 1 week i do not receive any greet although i have send hundred to both male and female . this be really not normal . please sort out this problem . or i be sorry to say but i have to uninstall it .
i can't log in my wechat . its stick on earth with man stand . re install it back and its keep show that . asap .
everyone talk n see their pic easily .
i always login and it always stop work . need to update as fast as can .
can't change my bank account .
im sorry but i cant get to the main screen . for some reason it just keep get stick on the moon . i love wechat but this be really be a pain . plss help me .
great app and cool .
wechat keep not respond and i have to force close it .
i cannot access to my wechat after many attempt , change password seem to no avail . then try connect to the facebook link and another wechat come in , can use but become another profile , a picture of me but i do not put there . where the hell this photo come from . i want to go back to previous page but cannot , its say someone have compromise the log in . this be infuriate .
i dont know how to say . but i just can say wechat be the best .
my wechat stil stick on earth and man stand .
as i want to backup my chat conversation , it ask me to migrate it . i hate this process at all give me the old backup and restore process again please fix it as soon as possible and change back the backup process like the old one . please .
i really love this ap really lovve it . better than whatsapp .
we chat .
why my no . here be invalid but other application can registerd my no .
wechat be a perfect app .
better than watsapp but poorly market here in africa .
5 2only help me why its not work .
i like to use wchat . it fun easy to use .
i have be try to download this we chat app but every time it give me so error message . please assist .
suck already download , uninstall and re download hundred of time but still cnt open it . gr .
no sound on speaker and bluetooth headset and noise call come when i call after lollipop update , can help me please what can i do . asap . i use asus fonepad7 .
problem to much in call .
i can't be log into both my tablet and phone at the same time and it's annoy to have to log in every time . can you add fix that .
very good .
well rate full star if enable deactive function .
very good .
hope i can have a autograf from the people how create this awesome aps . it create friendship and love .
now in we chat data migration to cloud i be face problem so if you fix it i will give you back 5 star rank again .
nice apps .
fix the colour of emoji , thank .
cant forward multiple chat history .
find new friend .
the call quality be very poor , voice break all the time . earlier it be real good . so again back to skype .
your account be log in via an unofficial version of wechat . for your security , your account have be set to protect status . please click ok to verify your account and try log again . i be from serbia , and we be not on the verify list . i try everything .
urgent i can't even migrate or backup the chat log to window wechat , there be no backup option , what else can i do for backup my chat history .
title clearly mark .
it's helpful .
how to backup chat via window wechat also , please put back the cloud backup feature . it be very useful . thank .
i can't open my wechat apps use samsung galaxy young phone but i can open it with use my other phone that have not my number or any sim card . why .
i want to chat with my friend but she block me . i want chat with she although she block me .
i have email twice to unlink my acc that's link to my email . but till now , my email be still link . can do sth about it i really wanna unlink my account .
wechat keep save a contact's profile picture into my gallery on its own .
at moment haven't display picture . my moment also blank . why .
i be unable to log in to my wechat for million time . could u please rectify this problem .
i love wechat at iphone because of the animation be the best . but i dont have enoguh money to buy it . can tencent make wechat on android look like ios . please .
if you use this you can make video call and audio call .
if it be good i will give 5 star .
its so bad . when i switch off my phone and on it back the app miss and say that i didn't download it . pls fix it .
like it .
where the set enable chat log migration .
i can't process with my account . help pls .
i like it but video call not work good .
sometimes wechat can't even let me receive message and any moment , my particular moment nw show that it be few day ago , that make me felt annoy because when i can't receive the message , my work can't do and everyone be find me . sometime although i uninstall and reinstall , thing doesnt get better , it just cause my thing to disappear , really felt disappoint with this apps . hope you guy can fix it as soon as possible and make sure thing won't happen again .
y the hell i cant sign up . pls help .
i cant get the wechat out please i need it .
be easy to contack your family .
wechat doesnt work jus show unfortunatly stop .
can you add last see feature just like whatsapp please add it . it will be helpful . thnks .
i can't send text use this app . it keep say send . fix it .
thank for the store .
i want to be all over .
dont know when , i cannot backup my chat anymore . only can restore . message say use back to ebable chat log migration but cant find this option at all . how .
some day after use , the app will suddenly stop function , i couldn't receive , send and read any message , even moment . even log out can't allow me to log in again . i have to reinstall my wechat to use the app again , cause all my message to be lose and risk of the same problem again . pls fix this problem .
so good .
nice app .
i be use wechat past 1 and a half year . it be work all good but than suddenly i be throw out of the wechat . i later reinstall it but i now don't have the feature like drift a bottle and people nearby . only shake . i don't know what's wrong .
hello wechat team i've bring a new smartphone samsung galaxy j7 but be unable to use the shake feature in this j7 . don't know what's the problem . yes it be enable and i've check everything i could . but still it's not work . it's not shake even when i throw the phone . request to please do something .
1 please make it possible to stick chat at the bottom now you have the function stick chat on top 2 turn around the sight camera lens .
why remove this function'set as mobile contact photo this function be very useful .
welp , i have give up on this app . i've log in and it tell me it's an unofficial version that i get through google play . k . then i recover my account with my phone number . then it happen again , except this time i can't recover it because only one account can be recover per phone number . i now have no way to access we chat .
why i can't use my wechat .
but wen it get update i cant use it .
what a wonderful technology i love this app this be outstanding marvellous .
my friend unable to hear my voice message . please help .
surprice gift not give by him . totaly fraud . 10 friend not in your account . u dont get gift . broadcast msg fraud .
i love wechat cozz i find new friendz and everything .
i do log in now for 2 week and the image on the cam be upside down , pls help me to correct this .
hello tencent . i want to ask . why my account receive chat very laye . like my friend send me chat and like 3 hour later . the chat come in . hope u have answer for that .
with this i can chat and make friend .
it's good but how to send music thank .
which cause me to delete chat history by mistake with no cloud backup . how to restore chat history help 9 15 there be no more cloud backup since 6 . 2 . 5 which lead to erroneously delete the chat history if u cannot backup anymore then how do u save out the record .
as the title above .
make a longer sight for wechat sight be much better .
good app to connect all around . but not better some time cause bore . depend on ur schedule .
i think that we should be able to save more than 150 sticker emoticon when they're send to us . my friend send them to me all the time and i save them for later . i think the amount that you save should be unlimited .
keep it up .
it's great , fast , with plenty of entertainment .
my sight cant be explore . totally ruin my mode if i just want to post any sight .
i receive pornography , obscene picture offensive msges from men . for the past 9 report wechat say there be insufficient evidence and no action be take at all . i feel like quit wechat soon . pls review .
awesome app .
sometime i cannot log in my account . oppo find7 user .
i dont understand whats ar problem i cant download this app right now . why .
i can't back up my account . there's no botton to enable cloud migration .
daily i be share sticker in group but i be get 10 in my balance many time i try to mail that we chat team but no use plzz don't download this app .
i like it .
i hope it allow me to change my id cause some of my friend can not find me .
i can't sign up my new account , they say this name be not available . why .
sure app .
on drift bottle people reply to my bottle and i do resive the first message they've send , but i couldn't resive any more message after i send a message back please fix this .
there be a account delete prbm . thts y m give 3 star only .
great app .
keep you in touch with friend .
love it .
its totally make me lose my mood to log in . after update to a new version , its more difficult , i can't even delete the post that i've share all this time , every time i try , it keep exit from the moment .
bring back exit n log out . why u need my contact list to send them spam or what when amazon can operate without much permission then why not this one .
like it .
how bif be it have almost delete all my apps .
use wechat since recently , seem to be too slow . can anything be do .
for an older version .
wow a superior app for chat and masti with friend this be awesome all over the apps . a big hand for wechat
whn i use people nearby option it show me unable to find location data please help to get me rid of this prblm .
very easy to use now .
my daily communication app .
there's a bite buggy when post sight with a location tag in . it keep say post all the way . and there's other problem as well when post status or caption when try to tag the location the caption or status go . have to rewrite all the way . fix all the buggy .
love it .
best apps ever download . user friendly , practical and free . thx .
i cant sign up . it tell me to check my connection when i have a work internet connection . it then come with an error 1 , 1 .
it's a great app it be useful for voice call and video call .
enough to use .
we chat .
waste of time .
very good .
for the past 3day , i cant access wechat . do uninstall n reinstall the app , but it still happen . it just reach the page with the earth . then it crash and back to my phone home screen .
very nice .
i wish to download the app with a new phone with new number . but it keep show me the masaage error 927 . what's it mean how to slove it .
the latest update be so wack every time i try to open wechat it just show me that moon image n it just stand ther for time without move what seem to be the problem plea help .
amaze app free balance in the wechat team reward click on my balance .
very user friendly .
i search around web say that if i type in the security code that i'm gonna to be able to change password , however joke be come , want us verify friend by photo , but all be blank , verify my ass if all picture be blank god damn wechat team .
love my family .
this be ohsem i really love it .
why i can't backup my chat and message the old version before that can back up the message with cloud migration . but the new version only can transfer to another phone can't backup .
everytime im use vedio call its always say try again .
please guy . i be not an app programmer but please make as less as junk file as you can .
but i lose my a c . i try to retrieve it but the server be busy since morning .
the apps always shutdown after i update to the latest version even i reinstall . please do something to fix this . thank .
wechat web no longer display qr code to scan . what have happen .
please extend the duration to take sight .
my wechat keep crash or disconnect from my internet , need help .
do not show nearby people feature .
i have migrate my chat log from ios into android . but i need to go back use ios . unfortunately i cant find the chat log migration here in android . wechat team please help me .
okay but need some work .
its good .
i like it in the sense of this app allow only one we know to follow and see our wechat page . the privacy be kind of preserve and we can feel secure to post anything .
but i want to see people last see .
its cant downlod pls downlod for me .
i need this wechat .
hello . my wechat have problem .
why be my wechat cant open i load the page about 20 minute i hope u will fix it so bad .
when people post picture it keep on load and i can't see the picture .
for the time be , it's okay . but minor crash be a normal thing . please fix it in addition , would love to see wechat could add more feature other than game and emoticon . upgrade the feature for chat or moment , maybe . that's all .
nice app .
i actually have lose my hp number and disactive it . i use new number . but i cant swap the previous number to the current one .
what's the problem .
help it keep send the verification code sms even after successfully sign up my account .
it good .
when i open other app and open this app back it just say no connection .
i do install and uninstall for many time . but still stick and never show the log in also . please help me as soon as possible .
since i format my phone , after that i can not download , why .
i like it .
during shake it hang the whole system .
this app . best quality for video call .
it be a very good app and easy to use , i very like it .
my xiaomi redmi note cannot load picture in moment after the latest update . pls fix it soon .
can't download and see the photo , all black one .
i use to be love this app . but why i don t get any notification when i get message . i always miss my message due to this problem . i need to keep open this app to get my message . plz help me .
we can coonent any nation people through it much love .
no back up button , new profile look be unable to see status .
there's no option to find new friend through shake , nearby and bottle . i honestly use we chat for find new friend and if these option be not available , i think i'm go to unistall it soon .
opposite person be not get the gretings must be . never ever get an single reply . and i can't find send button on keyboard . it be get update but again it's wrkng like previous one . not user friendly and not get and reaponses to any one not only me .
i like wechat .
i cannot open my fren moment . moment not display . i only can open my fren moment and read . picture n sight cannot open .
amaze app .
cannot backup my cha . it say press back to enable chat backup , but nothing there .
can't send any video now wth happen .
why be it that whenever i want to download something , it will keep on say insufficient memory even as formatef my memory card .
i cant use the people nearby feature .
why no last see or deliver make it more like whatsapp must show online .
its my 3rd time to install this app . everytime i turn off or restart my phone , and when i try to use it , my phone say the app be not instal please how can i fix this its too impossible if my phone do not support this app . i have 4 chat apps and this be the only app im have a problem .
for d communication its gud but . here . my fake a c be maintain by someone . n ders a nude pic wid crop of my face . plz . help for me .
they give too good offer better in use than whtsup .
plz keep we chat fast update .
i be happy with we chat . but i change my number . sso i try to make a new id . but it always say invalid number . wtf . my number be absolutely valid .
unable to login via sms , the verification with friend's photo be blank .
can't delete my account even in new version .
my sticker dont show up anymore , but it still say download in the store .
ive instal wechat last night but when i open it just now , it isn't respond .
plz help .
all data quota finish already . what happen every month get this thing happen . what happen .
love it .
5star rat .
i can't deactive my account .
it's good but i hope that we can change the id , at . lest 3 time can change .
it good i can famous with this app add my wechat id hasifnabil99 .
i have download but hang at the start . previous version be work on my mobile . please help me to fix this issue .
please make add friend with there mobile number not with others .
i can register my number but do not who say check ur numbr but my number be correct .
i will give my assessment when i start use it .
very funny .
i love it .
line , chat , voice all good but to log in it no good . whay my account always promblem to login .
love this app , get many new friend .
very nice app .
keep crash after last update .
love it .
while i try to login it say need to verify the ownership . while verify , it just go to browser and show this webpage be not available . i dont know how to log in after that . please help me .
no sound on this app .
love it can chat better .
like it .
i have the update 6 . 2 . 5 and my family in hk have the lucky money button but i do not . this be unfair , who don't we have it theirs be also 6 . 2 . 5 as well .
i have try in many time install and uninstall . but still can't open wechat thru my tab . how can be like that how to solve this problem i really like to use wechat .
why when i'm shake , it say no result find . when i test with another device , there be no problem .
can not back up my account to cloud .
need seamless integration with tablet .
hi for some reason my account be log out by itself . when i try to log back on it tell me data be damage and retore fail . then the app keep on crash . i have to uninstall it and i lose all my chat incl . the message i havent listen to .
i like .
after the upgrade , when i send video call . my cam stay very black withou light , while light on . help me .
please make the moment have delete all . easy for me to delete all my moment . i'll give you 5 star when it's do .
when i try to install this app , every time i be get an error say this app cannot be instal in default location . phone memory be my default location .
it work 1 day , after that it stoppd get shake .
very good app its great .
i m unable to upload my profile pic and also unable to see others proflie pic .
i have do set enable location on my android phone , but still error . for first time i use blackberry it work , but until i change handphone to android it worse make me frustation . please give me a clue .
no comment .
i love it .
can't view video and picture after last update please fix it .
my moment doesnt work . then i open the playstore and it show that i need to update , then i've to , it's fine . and again , my moment doesn't work again . i don't think that's because of my connection . the other apps still work . i think it's time to update again but it doesn't show up that it need to update . what be the actual problem .
i dont have friend radar in wechat app in my phone . what be the problem .
good apps .
it say my password r wrong . i never change my password before . i want to get my acc back pls .
its a really good app , i like it . but , why i can't change my profile picture .
nothing spectacular . maybe add a place so i can see if my contact be online . an automatic location read of where my contact be would be great .
i have a problem in order to change my name . please fix it .
i be not able to see the search neae by option help me .
i open my wechat but still in the moon how to fix it pls . help me .
issue in find nearby sometime ok but mostly not ok .
can't connect when back up .
it be really good but it be really very slow to download .
how can i change id name .
be i able to retrieve all my past delete message can people hack into my we chat account to see my message .
last time i still can backup but now only get restore button and get no backup button to click anymore , pls fix it thx .
old version so nice and work good new version not good .
nice app find new frnds tzx .
perfect app .
i like .
super the best .
need a see icon pls i dunno my frend already receive the message or not .
i update my wechat to the 6 . 2 . 5 version . i want to do cloud migration , but it always give me this message to back up chat history , click back and enable chat log migration . please , could you tell me how can back up the chat to the cloud wechat tencent team , please answer me as soon as possible .
it be really good but it be really very slow to download .
it keep say error 5 1 and clearly i dont get it . my phone doesnt have any virus as far as i know . so its gotta be the app .
good job .
but why .
after upgrade to current version , i no longer have the option to backup my chat log . i only have the restore option .
my phone have 2 . 3 . 6 version should i instal the we chat .
greatest app ever i ever see . some time it lag but its ok . my wish be you can fix that lag and this app will be no . 1 greatest app for me .
i'm confuse about backup to server be miss from feature .
pls make it good .
awesome i can chat with my friend .
im use vivo and i dont know why i cant watch any sight .
thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you .
i have update but still no read receipt and online status . provide read receipt .
i cant log in my account so i hope that my account will be delete .
something wechat heavy to open and always hang with unknown reason .
user's friendly .
yes please , where be the option . unable to migrate between device with latest update . thank for the reply but doesn't address the issue . i go to cloud migration and there be no backup option on the screen , only restore . it say to back up chat history , click back and enable the chat log migration . like my initial post ask , where be that option enable .
i cant open my old acc . i rmmber the password but still cant open . what happen .
so i'm not the only one here . first , be tell unofficial version of we chat reinstall , then go through sms recovery , then go another recovery to lift restriction . at last still not work . lol .
unable to post photo how to fix .
please send me my new password , every day i try , every day faild .
thank for the best game ever .
when i wake up , i open my wechat , it cant update my moment and cant send to my friend anything just like connection lose , but not fix it .
sch a cheater app it be . very bad . whatever they give us reward bt with that they also give very bad type of term and condition . frnds dnt believe in this .
how be it possible that an app stop work after an update , not once , but already for the third time in 2 year . low quality program .
crash with latest version .
i have email twice to remove my acc that's link to my email . but till now , my email be still link . can do sth about it i really wanna delete my account .
why wechat will qiut itself and why the font change to alien word .
cant open search nearby , even if youre connect already to gps .
i want to delete my account . please .
love it , but the size of wechat id get more bigger .
i try to log in to the account . it keep tell me that i be use the unofficial version . you need to get you app fix .
i love this game .
they remove the function to backup the chat history in the cloud via cell phone to force us to install their pc app for backup . wtf .
its nearby feature be not work and in shake feature its show chinese people in india . we don't understand chinese language . please filter it and solve this problem .
what do i do it keep get stick on in app purchese help me .
worst app tat i never use . hat de most .
work good , use it daily . voice and video be clear and good . wish you could switch between voice and video call without end the call . the app be little slow in startup . thank for a great app .
several time i've communicate with admin for my problem to use this apps but they didn't give yet the solution . i'm not enable to use people nearby search option . always its show go to set . all setting for this apps be okay . what next .
don't have enough word to say thank to wechat team . i find my soulmate on wechat shake feature . our story be not make by god but wechat make it . thank a lot .
unlimited walkie talkie , also chat , its better than whatsapp .
why my emoticon keep miss please fix it .
not so .
love it .
thank you very much we chat teem . but i mention a 1 thing hear , we can not find the friend who online or offline , please solve this issue . otherwise application be not only nice its too good . thank we chat team .
what happen to my account when ever i send broadcast msg to my contact . it didn't send . and worst thing be that even i post a sight or even just photo of me or msg it turn out fail to post . what the . i think it happen after i update this apps . would you do this for me . thank you .
any time it disturb me with useless tip and news in notification area otherwise its good please turn off these automatic notification .
i can't find web wechat option any more .
please make a link wechat with the other device . ex coc game . we can play the same account with the other device . sorry 4 my poor english .
i can't use my video call , please fix it thank .
i be a happy user until this update . why remove a feature that's so useful and work fine now i cannot move some chat to another device when need . i have to move all data every time . just stupid also , this change be not mention in their change list for this release . the old version still work . that's not an honest way to do business . shame for a company at this size .
i like it .
like it .
i love .
wechat be awsome with me and i love it .
good app .
wish that we can find location of friend too .
do this app really work i just instal it but i don't know if it work .
how to update my wechat , my phone be use android2 . 3 . 1 .
after update i cannot backup to cloud just ask chat log migration ,
after update , now i cannot upload my chat history . why anything wrong with it .
wechat iz suckz lar .
later this day i open wechat suddenly all letter and number turn blocky . i close it and open it back buy the problem didnt solve . so i uninstalled it then reinstall . but i cant . be it virus or something .
why be tencent remove the cloud backup migrate to another phone be good but you guy should keep both . people need it sometimes .
i have be use this application for sometime now . the biggest problem i face be that it doesn't run in background like other chat application and thus hinder in get notification about my message . can you please fix it . it's irritate to check everytime if the message have pop up or not .
we can chat . so that wechat .
too good .
demand verification code after put that code say code error , repeat 15 time .
love this app make so many new mat on here .
i love it .
just ok .
i could not save my chat history . i'm always use cloud migrate , then i can't use it anymore , it say i have to enable the other thing . but when i try to save it , its not work , i would to prefer the old backup chat history .
good time pass .
can't save the photo to phone , i download the photo , but still no have . the option to save it , the photo still no work . pls fix this problem .
why wechat be not show the online option .
its awesome and i love it , i hope there'll be a new thing come up .
i be love this application but now i hate it m just use cell for wechat application coz i want make new friend all over the world i love my 50 above friend and i make new one id also few day same problem cant login wtf now i think uninstall thiss application .
pleasa fix the problem , it's worse will make late reply to other .
moment be not move since 10 hour ago and i cant post anything . please fix this . it happend twice already .
why be the latest update do not have cloud backup anymore please advise urgent .
i be force into use this crappy app because every chinese from mainland china use it and they do not know use email or any other more reliable form of communication or they be ban from use them , either way i feel i be stick w this crappy app , which either crash my phone , or freeze for a day or two that do not receive any new message just when you expect an important message from your client , and take up the whole memory of your phone . overall i feel i be so stick with this crappy app .
do not download it . its a bullshit chinese app .
i like this apps because i'll get connect with more people in the world .
very good .
i like wechat .
im use lenovo a60 after update this new version , its run slow . and somtimes this aplication close and stop by its self . please fix it .
please update wechat with . 1 . contact last see facility . 2 . online status show facility .
i cannot install this app . it say error code everytime i try to download it . what's wrong with it though .
hello . i be an iranian . in iran , about twenty million people , wechat use . but the iranian government , the iranian wechat filter and we can not do wechat use . please , if possible , so that people can make use of wechat , imprudence think .
need small size file .
this ia my new number when i log in wechat be another guy wechat which be use by other ppl before . i wanna restart a new account or change th3 wechat id also not allow . very unsatisfying .
unable to edit all the description if there be more than one line .
very effective .
every new post on my moment state 1 day ago and all of the date in my conversation be wrong . what be happen .
it help people to communicate simply .
how come .
this great .
make be small in size like fb lite i have trouble to download . suggest other option .
i be try on many wifi still cannot backup it say error unknown connection .
hlp me we chat team if u want 5 star i'm not able to use shake option whnevr i shake it show no match find . sometimes it work but normally it's not work . plz hlp me .
amaze app .
love it .
nice interface and lot of feature .
love it alot mah fav chat app .
great apps .
the best apps ever .
this we chat be good .
why every time i wanna use my wechat it will stick at the earth and back to home i've try to uninstall and shut down my phone but if i log into my account same thing will happen again , help me please .
please make the wall cover also available not only square picture .
really good app .
why when i wan to send video then pop out unfortunately wechat hav stop work .
i can't use any call i don't know why .
cant do a cloud migration in 6 . 2 . 5 . keep tell me to go back and enable chat log . i go to general and i dont see any option to enable that . wish i can back up my chat on sd or internal instead of cloud as well . and web . wechat have be remove as well .
love it .
be your update make wechat get more heavy n complicate .
the app require so many private information , email or phone number for back up could be enough but passport , id and license i feel like be spy on .
fix stop receive message after new update be instal .
video call on tablet be invert , video call on smartphone no problem , please fix it thank you .
voice call be clear .
i like it but 1 problem . her problem i cant on it .
no sound on speaker and bluetooth headset after lollipop update headphone also sound soft even on ma volume please help asap im use asus fonepad7 fe171cg .
pless do the button like just one click . not twice . it mor simple n easy .
a little bite attracked my heart xd . not too bad too .
it seem tht i can't backup , be it cloud migration or phone migration . there be no backup option but only restore . even if i press restore , they say no last backup upload . so how be i suppose to back it up .
be ok when use it . untill it say my account may be compromise and need to unlock . bla . try all the method to get my account back and till now it be still lock . key my contact number and say it's unavailable . i'm like wtf . seem like there be no other way to unblock it . so im totally lose .
i still remember my phone number and password but when i enter my phone number it say invalid number .
its awesome .
it require to select 2 profilepictures from my list friend . but the pic won't come out . wtf be this fix this .
it's not work on sony . once i install it , i can't call anyone , they can't hear me anymore .
first i download it just 30 mb and after i log in its increase to 70 90 mb .
delete too much issue cant login throw go to garbage .
why can't i open wechat i unistall it and install it again but i still can't login .
how to backup chat history .
so sad the new message won't pop it up at all .
decent app overall , but it refuse to let me change my profile picture . every time i select a photo , it do nothing . all my photo also show up in the wrong folder . sometimes it even crash when i try to change my picture .
fantastic app .
i cant view my sticker , even i have download it . everytime i send my friend a sticker , it doesnt show me what sticker it be . ill give 5 star if you repair it . thank you .
would be even more awesome if you could see when message be send , deliver , and read , change chat bubble and notification color . such an awesome app .
i like it .
when i try cancel link for certain game under set , it give this unable to set 4 , 1 message . any other solution thank you .
i can not use call and video call .
this be definitely better than the previous . i heart you .
the sticker keep on smile face after update , and nw all my custom sticker go .
nothing special .
i use to work its help me , ty .
i like this app .
it be great .
i like it .
i like .
nice app .
can save money . get lot of friend .
i be a happy user until this update . why remove a feature that's so useful and work fine now i cannot move some chat to another device when need . i have to move all data every time . just stupid .
love it .
there's no notification bar show after update . please kindly fix it . tq .
butt very slow work . use big memory .
sometime will lag and cant press anything then turn out . like example wechat will lag out when i see my moment and use wechat audio talk with my friend . why will be like that be my phone no support new update vision .
dear wechat team . im very dispointed with your login verification . i need fo choose my friend photo secd login verification . if i fail to login 3time . i must wait for 24hour . like seriously come on .
i like it .
i love wechat .
after update it's not work properly i can't find my friend i don't find nearby people in shake please fix .
it's fun . best but video it's too short . please upgrade video 10 , 15 , or 30 minit . thank you wechat .
why in the latest version of wechat that we cant backup our chat in cloud .
i hate this much why it keep call end when im have a call to someone what happen .
your ui be so ugly .
recently i didnt receive all of my message until i open my wechat . i didnt receive any notification whatsoever . once i open the apps all of my message just come all at once . bug .
i cant download this on my phone .
my mum call me to download this app just to chat and i love it , lol .
after upgrade , can not backup chat history .
love it .
because i can chat every time with my bff free .
very good app .
its a good app . i love it .
it do not open correctly . it just disapear .
i know wechat have large number of user from afghanistan , but what i don't know be why afghanistan isn't include in country list .
why people nearby option not there in my whatsapp .
do not show phone contact list .
to complicate if i want to log in . piss me off . but well its fun . maybe o .
cannot send message even i have good net and data connection .
my wechat stick on earth and moon .
this application be suck . i try to shake but nothing happen . please fix this .
it be very bad . when i open it i see a big strange and bed application . it be very bad .
we chat .
i love it .
always ask me to force close .
it be okay except i can't scan my own qr code for some reason .
just wow .
cannot access into moment . picture can't display . fren moment cannot open same . i only can read dew moment .
the new free international call feature be simply amaze . very good call quality . i only dislike be its not available in india yet . please make it available soon .
unable to view image at moment after upgrade .
when i shake to get friend result but there appear just 1 person in 1 time shake result but i need more people in result of 1 shake as like previous version i'm too old user of wechat i love it but plz make it more good .
i love the app but now it's the 2nd time i cannot receive any greet and i think the greet i send be not be receive .
every time reinstall my wechat i cannot restore back the history how to restore back the history .
love it .
sometime good for me .
very nice app .
i want to backup my chat history but can't see the backup button anymore . and when i restore my previous backup , my chat history appear in the wrong sequence manner . please help .
i cannot do video call no response if i click the button .
cnt wait .
after update i cant hear any voice msg that my friend send me . they can hear my voice msg though . please help or fix this asap . thx .
could you visible my friend contact to the other people .
improve the notification button it doesnt look so elegent .
nice application .
why they say unknown error code during application i can not install it . why .
i can't call . why .
i love it .
i like this application very much . even i be the new wechater , but inshaa allah i will like this . yeay . hahahaha .
take much memory to install . rest be gud .
this dosen't let me download it , it say that you can't for know reason i like this app but please let me go on it not bad .
would be even more awesome if you could see when people be type , message be send , deliver , and read , change chat bubble and notification color . such an awesome app .
very nice .
love all the sticker , but hate that i have to remember to back up message as with sms .
why my phone dun have 2 sticker gallery , even though i ady update the to the new version of wechat . i still can't get the new sticker gallery . i hope u guy can fix this problem out . thx .
i can't log in my wechat .
fantastic app .
change profile pic be a nightmare not properly sort .
i need to setup wechat on another phone , so i try migrate to nearby device . as soon as i login to the other device , this account automatically log out , so how can i migrate go grommet android to iphone . also try backup to cloud , but there be no backup option . just restore . if i can't backup , how do i have anything to be restore .
would rather choose telegram .
i like it but video call not work good .
it be a good up , but do you think you could a set to mute notification for a certain time like only mute notification for 1 hour or 3 hour or 8 hour .
i be unable to change the profile picture . it give out an error unable to upload picture . i need help in change it asap i'd jaz .
i have to leave the wechat page to access the verification come you send but after that i couldn't get back to the page to enter the code . worse still , it keep ask me to log in but wouldn't allow me to log in to verify my new account . i be go to uninstall the app . want my time .
really amaze .
wish to delete my wechat account but no choice of delete . can you plz advise me how to delete this account thank .
thats be best .
hello wechat team . i want to open the wechat but i have to wait for a long time and it's not open . i have wait for longer time but it be not open yet . what be the problem .
notgd . it cant show who be online . nd rpeat the messanger .
not bad .
i love you .
would give 5 star if i can delete my wechat account .
i love this .
hi . fren . any one cn help me . how to change wechat id . bcoz i already hve old id . but i suddently create new id and install . so many time i be format my phone . when i be install that tyme new only show . thats why . plz help me . lot of contact be that id . im wait for the who cn guide me .
i don't know my contact have online or no .
i can talk anywhere .
wtf . why the hell it require so many info for password retrieval . and after all do it show verification fail even though i enter d correct code receive through sms . and y do u need my id like passport and license . can i get my login back that too easily .
the best app for me lah , really love it babe , em .
i love it but be there a way to tell the date you join .
whenever i try to click on add contact and search button , the screen will appear blank . pls fix this .
my lenovo hp android 4 . 2 . 2 , cant open this app after update to the latest version of wechat yesterday . what should i do now i hope cantget back all history massage inside my wechat account . please advice .
never get the confirmation code to my phone so i couldnt create my account hope this get solve thank .
nice application .
how to backup my chat history .
this app many use data and battery . i so sad .
great app and easy to use .
it be a great experience .
as long i can search at ppl nearby i give u 5stars .
good apps .
other people can't see my pic . that's so much irritate .
add feature of last sen .
how i want to add people by mobile contact cause when i want to add my friend at my mobile contact , they say dont have contact . why .
love it .
i download wechat in my phone but it won't open it only display the moon as always and nothing more . i try uninstalling it and install it again but the same thing happen . i really love wechat but if it will continue to be like this then i'll have to permanently uninstall it . please fix it .
i fogot my passoword and also forget my number and my id be gudda132 help me how can i use my id .
very good i really like this .
my wechat lose and i dont remember my password how do i have to do .
however hard i try 2 delete my account it be nt get delete . the we chat team be nt at all supportive in d matter of delete account .
stick with the moon .
cannot change profile pic , cannot share any photo in chat and moment . please fix it . please . new update but nothing happen still suck . i hope playstore can put 0 star in the review section next time .
i cannot open it . it be stick there at the moon screen . thats it .
it be nice app .
thank you .
i like it .
intersting application .
i want to deactivate my wechat acc , but cannot this apps be bad .
yes i know how to set location , im inquire how to set custom manual location which can be create personally , i do it once but i forget how to do it again .
keep up the excellent work . improve on the camera like what app directly instead of switch this and that key in order to take photo . also increase the mb for vedio send file always to big . excellent work keep it up . bravo .
some . they never let u try it first .
very good we connect will with people .
great app everyone should download it .
great app but it feel a tad heavy and bloat .
i can't access the server when i'm connect to wifi .
nice app .
love it .
good and super to use .
slow to respond , crash sometimes and now some of my fav lose .
i use wechat about 2 year but now new update be so bad not search and my network be perfect but wechat show not connect so upset please fix it .
how to open in laptop .
my wechat have be ban , but i dont do anything . then i go into account recovery , i insert the my phone number to receive the verification code , but it say the phone number be invalid , i have try all my friend phone number , it show invalid . please help me .
fix it .
where do i need to ask for an account cancelation i want to delete my current account . feedback need , thank .
good apps .
mind blow .
nice you .
why you not show . who be online contact .
will give 5 if let know whether a person be online or not .
why my wechat doesn't not appear the message notification . even if i open my data it not appear the message . i must open the wechat to check the message . please fix this .
ive be send the verification cod many time . then it turn out that it still do not work out . the number be all correct and still the verification code do not show up .
nice app .
awesome app .
why this app can't download .
fall in love with somebody via this apps . wow cool ya .
some people cannot reach . so sad .
i like this app , but whenever i use the shake feature , people i would find from india , arab . it often happen . please fix it . im not racist but just wanna make friend from another country .
recommend that a password before access the app would be really great . if this function can be do that would really appreciate .
properly work .
now limit and just can save 150 sticker . that's be not enough . and than its also limit can delete with tick be 100 massage . hopeless its will adjust to unlimited to save sticker and delete massage . also the set to backup massage be solve it . hopely its will like the old version . that easy to backup and restore . thank for it . i hope that wechat can follow and receive my opinion so that its will make it perffect . thank for it .
everytime i go to photo to upload wechat keep crash and show only black screen wtf . fix this . so annoy .
please help me . my wechat stick at moon pic and i already try the way that be state in the url . but my wechat still stick .
everytime i want to sight , it say record failure something like that . it also say about troubleshoot . i dont know . help .
everytime i try and send a picture from my gallery it say my image couldnt fully load so annoy .
one be it doesn't tell the person be online or offline . 2 nd one be i can't apply the sticker i have download . pls fix .
good app to go with .
i'm unable to find people near by in discover option of my we chat my i'd be mlovingit .
good for communication .
how to get the back up of wechat n add last see feature , online , offline .
could you please make it more easy to change the profile picture i try so many time bite all it do be open my picture to fit the screen and doesn't show me any option .
after update , i can't see all the moment , when the problem will fix .
it's good .
account work for a day and then try to log in and say account and password be wrong . try to recover and couldn't keep say it's the unofficial app . kind of frustrate please fix .
i find my bf from here before 2 year . and now we r very happy marry couple . thnx wechat for give me chance to find such a love hubby .
i can't download this app .
when i sight , it wont upload . sometime it work and nahh .
too much bad before i love this apps . not work over wifi connection .
it's gud app for chat .
it have become so bore every time i use people near by i find the same old bore people as well as lately i can not search for people if i be not connect to wifi and that i find stupid please fix or my rat carry on loose a star .
thank . i have account before . but i couldn't open it again . i want my account not make new account again .
i want to log in my account in other mobile , i log in sucessfuly , but i need to verify my account with choose two of my friend , but that when the problem come , i cannot verify them because a squre white popup come out and the nothing on that popup except a word ok , please fix this , i want to log in into my account .
pls tell my old account id .
ever day i get your log in expire . it tell either send too much request or the account restrict becaus of report the account and need recovery . silly . unless u solve this problem .
i love this app .
do anyone else think that this app be better than whatssup .
i can't to open this wechat .
i redeem my 2 coupon for i phone 6 but they dont tell that who win the contest .
can't open my wechat after logout . use forget password and also email still can't retrieve . pending while load . 2 time happen and i need to uninstall . what the hell .
fraud app . july reward of citrus app recharge code not work in next month . code expire . cheater .
love it .
i like it very much .
everything be fine except d logo , u can do it more better .
im enjoy this app . i love it .
i like the app but since the update i cant see my sticker at all it suck bc i like them alot .
so good .
where be backup chat history .
your suggestion for help me be not work . its say that unknown error code during application install 24 .
i just instal it today but i can't open it .
why cannot instal back wechat please help me .
love it .
ive download this app for the nth time both here in my android phone and tablet . instal and uninstalled it over and over again but . i . cant . make . an . account . please explain why .
do download twice . waste my data . now still instal . dun know till when to complete . 15 min wait for nothing .
why can't open my wechat account .
i'm use samsung tab 10 . 1 edition 2014 but when i comunicate some one with video call my video up side down . please fix its .
love it .
please make it possible to see the check msg n availability of person online offline .
please let me know how can i delete my wechat account .
i cant send photo thru wechat , cannot change profile pic or cover photo , cannot choose photo .
can't use it to vote for idol , keep ask me to verify my nr even after i've do so several time .
why i can't in my wechat account .
can you guy tell me how to send broadcast message in this update version .
how long i've wait please fix asap . thank .
this be the very good app bt no option for the save the voice message in the phone .
message cant send out . keep load for what .
message not come in , no notification until go in . have to go in and check all time like nothing else to do .
ever since i switch my phone to android turbo cannot receive emoticon as gift . i can only see them move of they be the one that belong to the wechat app . so , do u guy know if android turbo be not compatible with wechat thank .
i love it . it's simply the best .
very bad video cl .
it's be 24 hour now since i'm try to log in . i try all the option on password retrieval but didn't get any sms or call or verification code . this be the worst service i have ever see . if i don't get any solution then i'm delete this app forever .
give me back older version to customize own notification tone . default notification tone be so soft so hard to notice for incoming call message if device in pocket or at bag . hope understand .
nice one .
it's so cool .
my family all have this app so i be coerce in get it . sure , all the sticker and function be great , but not for phone like the one i have . samsung centura it would be great if there be an option that would make wechat take up less space and be so buggy . everytime wechat be open , it completley kill my phone . make it less buggy , and i'll rerate it .
i like it .
why cant download erro code what man fuck thia app .
it not work well ma phone be perfect but wat happen to the apps .
really awesome .
it work great .
nice awesome great .
i havent use my account for quiet some time . try log in but i forget my pasword . so i do every possible way to fix it . use the i forget my pasword . change log in way and what not . everytime it ask me to verify with the code , it keep say too many operation and try later . every single time so i couldnt get any where . figure maybe my account be close so i try to sign up again with the same number . but it say it be link with that account . basically . my patience be wear thin .
i love it , the best app ever but i'll rate it to 5 star app if it can forward voice message to another ppl thats the only thing i hope for this update version .
it be very good way of comunication .
why i can't instal this apps .
always not respond . need medication asap .
i like it .
we chat .
i love it .
awesome app .
look good .
it auto create new id for my phone number and i can't log in to my id .
this my first love chat with girlfriend .
love this app .
when ever i try to find people nearby . it show check your location setting . and for me i have map in my device and also location be om .
love it .
i forget my acc password but still remember the id . but everytime i try to retrieve the code , it keep say that the system be busy and the return code be 1 . can you guy please do something about this .
some how the latest version be not support tencent video . it always have an error code 0 4 .
i really like this app very much .
dear admin , i update my wechat recently my wechat b'come slow , lag , can't see sticker my friend send me even video or picture same to me i can't send out or upload any pic or video too pls kindly fix it up thank you disappoint .
i can't view back the picture that my cousin send to me last night . and the sticker that i download , all also can't see .
it's great app but the only thing be that i cant use the recall thing why cant i use it .
none of my friend seem to have this issue but my wechat constantly crash on me whenever i try to post photo . or even when i try to change a profile pic . how can i fix it permanently .
new update cannot tag location . please fix this problem .
i want to make video call but it keep move around . hard to sllect it . please fix it .
why cant i send a video to my friend group chat that length 30 min can fix .
its good and all but there be just one problem . everytime i use my wechat for like a couple minute , internet pop up and show me ads . to me , this be annoy if my browser keep pop up while use wechat . i hope this can be solve a . s . a . p but overall its good . just that slight problem i handle . i dont if its just me or what . thank you for the help in advance .
people nearby not load . work 1 100 timea .
very bad . too slow . and other apps work smooth in my phone .
i can chat with my friend whenever i want becuz we love wechat .
it's get there .
could you please fix it , because i can't open any picture i receive .
why not option .
nothing to compare .
love it .
since long time i'm use wechat . recently when i reinstall this app it's not open .
i use to love it but now , i dont receive the message unless i open the app . its not like this before .
the most use app in my phone .
need to update . pls provide read receipt so that i know my message have be read or notyet . and provide online status as well .
nice and work good wechat . keep up the good work . the problem be . how can i see if they already see my chat . and how do i know if they be online . can anybody tell it . i hope u fix this .
why memory too big and my device slow .
i can't log in my acc in other handphone , please help me . i hate it so much . now i can't log in my old acc . f ck . please help me now . i hate u bengong .
it id the bedt app in the world .
i have try many time but it be not download .
the picture and precisely moment be not work , be there any update release anytime soon or be there anything i can do to make it work .
i have money in my account and be able to send me receive until 4 day ago . it ask my to add my bank card to pay for the lucky money i want to send . but i have enough money in the account . please adviced .
cant tag image . and the apps actually jam if not its lag til jam . fix it .
where be my old account . when i download this app my previous acc lose . why . i use same number all time . but all time i lose my acc . make it perfect . like whats app . we use only one number and get acc . but here be problem all time if we use same number . other problem i cant get notification when someone call or text me on wechat . how i know someone be call me or texting . maney problem this application keep . make it perfect like others apps .
good app . need some more accuracy .
could you visible my friend contact to the other people .
what's happen in we chat , when i'm shake the phone i get most taiwan duplicate id's and i can't see the other country people's like indonesia , phillips , and malaysia etc , so please recover this problem soon ,
everythings fine but i cant see any moment since last 2 day why .
love it .
be cool .
please help to fix the error when we view video on wechat .
i lose my acc . please help me to find it . thank you .
how to delete my account in we chat .
crash when i try to open . need uninstall and install again all my chat go i can not make backup .
wechat tencent .
why cant i install wechat what be 24 problem my phone be redmi .
unable to send full image . always stick and fail at 30 .
i cant login my account . i have long time not log in my account . system ask to confirm friend by photo . but cant . i dont know which my friendlist .
i be use shake feature from day 1 but now whenever i use shake feature it always show result not find , try again . even gps be on , no issue of network then also shake feature be not work properly . kindly help . ps i have try with wifi and mobile network both .
it's nice but the love sticker can only put 150 be too less .
after update , the red pocket feature be not work . it keep ask me update to latest version . but i already have the latest .
i can't chat everday .
love it .
recently the app keep misbehave . the wechat's send sticker in group to maintain the balance and the gift for every 5 day work fine till last month . this month , every day something go wrong . even after send the sticker , the change be not reflect and yesterday even after broadcast the message my gift of rs 30 not add to wechat balance . even after give feedback on these issue , they say we will get back to you but nothing change .
this be the best app i find .
i try to reinstall it , but still can't even open up the app . be it a bug or something please fix if it do .
love this apps able to connect with my other friend .
ugh i've be use wechat since 2013 and i didn't have any problem . but now it keep on crash it doesn't open it let my phone hang . pls fix this .
share location dont have in english language . only in chinese language . i dont understand . please change it as per user language set . thank .
great job to those who invent this awesome app .
so good .
after backup . the photo in the chat be unable to download . how to fix this help me please .
error msg 195 .
when i'm go to insert emojis , they will become dot . plz fix it .
awesome way to connect with friend next to whatapp .
like it .
hey there , i can log in via sms but i can't verify my account , it doesn't show up the photo of my friend , it's a only blank page after that . pls help me fix it .
cannot send message on android m sometime . please update .
i try the shake thingy and why only some weird pervy appear . it suck .
ilike it .
i love it .
create a theme maybe .
i just wish it say send and somone read then it be automatically 5 star .
its okay .
later to be review . after be use . debo salaudeen jnr .
can u please add dark theme to the wechat its to eye pain white theme . thank if u make a theme of that .
i love this app . i like that this app have both voice talk and video talk function and make it possible for user to retrieve unwanted or message mistakenly send in two minute .
very nice app and easy to find old and new friend .
i dint receive any notification from wechat for new message . the only way that i can receive those message be when i let my wechat on 24 7 . i cant close the screen off or else i wouldnt get any message . please help . tq .
i like .
get ma by 2 chatng app love it .
i be love this app but now i remember my password wechat id but cant log in be just use my cell phone for this app i miss my thousand of friend whole day i try want back my id but now i hate it i lose my alot of thousand frnds and i love my hundred of mine photo .
the world be only a weichat away .
why cant not recall message please fix it .
thank you wechat support team , for resolve my problem associate with people nearby .
sorry for my bad english . i'm use samsung galaxy chat and it already have a keyboard . so , i not need to display another keyboard on the screen . but the problem be , i can't use an emoji without display the keyboard . i can use it on whatsapp but not on wechat . i hope you will fix this . tq .
i can't open this apps and i need to re install this apps . too annoy .
please give us a room where we can see all our online friend . please add this for make a bestest app . thankyou .
now i have to wait .
wechat download .
voice call . low mb .
superb app for frnds who live in china to have a chat with them .
very good .
t'was disgust .
i can't even open my account .
why i cant download this app .
update but write status also can't mention ppl .
please , need the latest update .
i keep uninstall and reinstall back like thousand time because of i cant load moment .
what can i say about this beutiful app .
very good . its be a useful app for me .
good apps , easy to add friend . user friendly . need to improve for last see people online feature and set again range on people nearby more then 5km .
love it .
well do .
i use this app before on my old phone . now even after reinstall and delete everything still stucked at startip screen . pls fix and i will give 5 star .
please fix . it run not that smooth .
it's an awesome way to find as many friend we like .
good app .
very slow when download .
unable to install . keep on ask verify via photo but cant view anything .
my favorite chat network be wechat i like .
why cnt i open my wechat wndows it keep stick at the blue globe . i have try uninstall n reinstall but its still cnt open it . help me please .
sometimes it will unbehave and sometime it will good behave . but i love it . better do not have the game because it may be unbehave this wechat . tq .
cannot download the app .
something be wrong . when i go into the menu at the bottom sight , location , video , walkie etc the feature use to be two row now it's one and i cannot access the video call feature because of this . just happen like today . please fix .
why be my wechat cant open i load the page about 20 minute i hope u will fix it so bad .
it's a cool app really .
i want to delete my account but i can't do it inside the app . i mail to support email but no reply . please help .
after update , i can't open my wechat . it show the moon for all the time . i can't even sign in . what happen t . t .
hi why every day i get message say my account be restrict . and i have to recover my account please help .
unable to call indian number .
i try to open your url as per mention . but my question be . why all language in chin . how can i understand n read chin . please make it easy n change to international language . i love my wechat and im happy with wechat . hope u can solve this prob asap .
love it .
hate it un trust apps i do an offer i do not get money on one pay .
it give lot of recharge offer .
i like it .
it's a good app for chat .
they're okay . just i can't give you 5 star because in a certain part it's really annoy . it's stupid . it's so damn slow .
use too much memory please fix .
what be the verification code of we chat .
my what up can't to change , please help me and i give 5 star .
location data not load .
its good .
what the hell it change my old contact with some idiotic people . what's go on it's second time in 2 day i lose 2 of my friend with some new fool .
love it .
love it but cannot install back my acc wechat .
hate that .
it be a great app it be faster and many other thing .
i love this app . and i like to update it many time .
i lose all pic that i have , i can't see nothing , i don't know why , can you help me to recover it .
latest update mean most time i have to open the app to get notification .
i get wechat out option on my i . d but after few day in survey they ask me about wechat out that to which country i call most nd i reply oman nd next day they stop mah wechat out call to oman . totally unhappy from wechat behaviour . i request to wechat team that plz provide me wechat out call for oman . otherwise go to uninstall this app . thnxx .
love it .
i've be use still now it be an awesome .
i have use code of citrus cube at 1 august as term and condition but now i use that code for september . it say code have expire . please do somthing early .
i can't open my wechat because of the new version . my phone need old version . how can i get the old version like v5 . 1 .
not bad at all .
hello its a awesome app but i forget my account password . to many time i try to open it but i can't .
why can't i enter it leotard on kick me out .
how i get talk time .
so nice .
how can i remove my self from group .
cannot create account .
the video call doesnt have loudplspeaker on note 4 it be so quiet what the hell .
love to be the best .
i wish there be place for us to see if the people online or not .
waste don't waste time and your data pls .
cool app .
can't clear chat notification , and do remove recall function .
amaze chat quality and a great overall chat site .
something go wrong for my cover photo .
in dubai wechat not work video call . voice call .
its work .
a different way to stay connect . wechat be groovy .
good app i can make new friend of any country .
da best .
this be a big app and a super app .
i'm not able to use shake option it show no result find .
i m love . pic gif .
awasome feel gorgeous app .
the moment and friendlist system suck . you cant even see one's comment when you're not one's friend . it look like my friend be talk alone .
can't view any video in article , etc . security alert say website's security . certificate have an error , possibly due to incorrect client time . never have this issue before . only after the new version update .
can't work .
verry gd .
it give me a security alert whenever i open a video my friend send me and from a subscription account , what happen .
i don't know why . every time i update my wechat , mb for this app be increase .
evrything be perfect .
it's awesome .
very efficient communication . but l be only to start to learn to master it .
please enable feature like the person type . , and message see . these thing be the most crucial thing in this kind of app . so please guy please .
very long application .
nice one .
cannot save name properly when change it .
it's really good .
the 6 . 2 . 5 version cannot backup chat message to cloud migration server . window phone version 6 . 0 . 6 always show error when use qr code scan to migrate the chat message .
very awesome n frenly but the new vers be very outstanding .
the chat bubble for iphone be a brighter colour than android , please make them look the same .
cant get moment notification over 3g on my zenfone the wierd be moment can get notification over wi fi .
because i can't use it me from pak but it always show chainies language .
try many time to download it . it take all my data . and doesn't appear to my screen . any help there .
it wnt show online and offline contact and it wont let me log on this suck .
great apps .
i can not recieve the verification code which be work before .
today i cannot open any if the video my friend send to me , usually it can be open . it give me a security alert . how do i fix this .
y i can't download this app .
i dint know why i cannot open it .
its bad foolish app .
people nearby feature be best . i use it most .
i cant sing up and i never receive code i dont know why plz help .
this app keep crash . please fix it .
its the best way too find new friend .
great offer each month .
this be my 2nd account as my 1st one be block quite some time ago . i try to unblock it , at 1st still ok but when i log in again , it block again . no matter how i try , i juz cant login anymore .
the problem be i can't tag people in group chat . everytime i select a person it appear to be pop out back to the main screen . please help me fix it . for your info , i be use s4 .
i log in use a diff device but the older chat be delete . how can i import them to my new device .
the account recovery be terrible it even ask you information you have not enter during registration . if you forget your password you will use your account forever .
i'm can't to update the wechat . because the storan full . huhu , very sad .
this be app be sick , i love it download it know , you will not regret this .
it say my number be invalid . how could that be when my country be really philippine .
i be in cambodia . i dont know why in my wechat account when chat to someone dont have option lucky money and transfer . and how we do this .
plz sir change your reward type like onepay very bad otherwise we can't use your app .
great . me and my boyfriend have privacy in this app .
this app take a lot of phone storage , and it's so hard to log in .
like it .
from begin until now , when use shake , always see 4 km people . no improvement over 3 year . worse .
i can't find the group im in after i re instal the apps . please help .
awosome app .
great we chat team .
get worse . stupid app .
can't make voice call or video call to my friend in dubai , uae . i'm here in the philippine . it's say connection error or other user be busy .
i think the delete function in conversation will actually remove the message from both the sender and receiver . i be wrong on that . so wth you use delete for .
this be great .
nice and work good wechat . keep up the good work . the problem be . how can i see if they already see my chat . and how do i know if they be online . can anybody tell it .
what happen to my acc it say my password be wrong . there a lot of thing there . i need a solution i want my old acc back .
i cant even see moment from others . it keep load . and i hve to uninstall . n install it back to see the latest moment . this be stupid .
why into profile can easy to see whats up pls update it .
this app be the best app .
like the english version , but can't send red envelop .
when i download this wechat it so late . so please fix it .
heavy battery drench , make device slow , sometimes my hang . when i type my keyboard be stick for 8 10 sec . it doesnt show friend online or offline status . slove all problem i give u 5 star .
why isnt the fb connect work .
a great app to connect with friend and preach the gospel .
i like it .
please add select all option for download photo in chat .
dear wechat team onepay be not recharge the customer use wechat promocode please change the onepay app and give us coupans of paytm or freerecharge these apps be better than onepay .
good app .
not bad .
hi im wechat's user and now im want to tell u to fix the lag and its always lag but my phone performance be great . thank you .
it be great .
i can't freak log in . it will load for day , could go on for year and it will have the log in round thingy .
it be awesome .
very nice app .
the wallet feature be go in the last update .
why i can't install this wechat not my wifi problem , erghh already 3hours i wait for it but load only .
upgrade again to see who online and who offline .
very good app .
like it .
i know its awesome . dont tell me .
i love it .
good enough .
i have lose my old acc . i try to log in my acc . but its say wrong password or number . i remember it well . and i still cant open my acc i want my old acc back .
very good .
after update can't open this app . only moon pic show .
i like the app buy what's lose my patience be that i can't change my chat background even if i do it many time . please fix it and thank you .
love it .
i be yet to use . i shall revert . however what i have hear be the app be superb .
it be take lot of time it be boaring pls dont download .
all photo cannot be view clearly , kinda blur . and home page photo wont be upload white black .
wereward program nice and voice call also good .
how to delete this wechat account why no delete button really hate it .
thank for intraction my friend .
good app .
but nowadays in my asus fonepad 8 video call option be miss . why have that happen .
cannot hear my voice record but i can hear my friend voice record .
nice ap .
after the update , i cant backup my chat . help pls fix this asap .
really good .
sweet app .
i can't open this app .
be good .
not bad .
i wish i can share video in my phone in moment . not just a link from youtube etc .
so good .
i use the we chat when the initial release it be good . coz we use to shake real people around the world and local . now its become waste . we only get some perticular region like pataya , chinese and arab .
i be use red mi note2 , after my phone version update , i can't read all medium file include photo , video and send a voice message . i know it's not wechat problem but can you guy help me to solve this problem thank a lot to wechat team .
it doesn't open the correct photo album i select to upload photo and crash often .
since it have be load up no .
love it .
hello wechat team i've bring a new smartphone samsung galaxy j7 but be unable to use the shake feature in this j7 . don't know what's the problem . yes it be enable and i've check everything i could . but still it's not work . it's not shake even when i throw the phone . request to please do something .
i can't make backup for chat .
i can't open this app .
nice work with you .
what's the code for it .
please treat the program as it come out when you enter it and immediately with this problem of the most famous and do not spill the bean . please asaleho problem .
its good but please add function for delete a moment that we can choose tick which one moment want to delete or we can select all . its hard to delete one by one . please . tq .
love it .
need some upgrade but it's still good enough .
fantastic . must have . best chat app .
awesome soft ware , shake the phn get the frnd nice . one .
love it .
fix it soon .
nyc app .
me face problem . wechat cant open , plss give solution .
i wish to delete my wechat accout . please tell me how to do that .
special for funny sticker send .
i so happy have this app .
please change your reward type . onepay very bad . paytm , oxigen , citrus be very good . please change it . if you not change delar than nobody can not redeem there balance and can't send any sticker . please decide yourself .
have an error 24 cant download this app please help .
can't save the photo to phone . i download the photo but can't have the option to save it just close down or restart . please fix this .
i hate this app .
essy to use , colorful , and just a whole lot of fun .
it's hard to make voice or video call coz can't tap the button . if i will slide only the walkie talkie would appear . pls bring it back to the old set .
they make a fool out of ppl with their reward strategy . this time the winner of the we reward august have 6 differnt winner with same coupon code for iphone 6 and redmi note . how come . same have happen earlier . how will you explain dis tym . really annoy .
but my fon be hang when i'm open it .
cool feature , i like how the pic be organize .
like it .
i love it .
i like it .
i change my phone to zenphone 2 recently and try to log in through phone number . when it come to verification , it didnt display any pic , only box with ok button . help me . i need to recover my account . 2 star for now .
very great app .
i cant use my people nearby option . it just dont show up when i use it . i m use 3g network . n before this update it be work fine .
a better mean of communication .
memory high consumption . please add to change group or name can make it long for the administrator previous version can . and please make people who quit the group will be visible to the administrator . tq and god bless you .
very good .
knnot download .
i love my wechatt .
i love u .
but why cant download it faster .
can't load location data when gps be on and work on other apps . can't load any page like reset password . wtf .
now we cant backup our chat history to cloud anymore .
it's the best way to go back the older version if somebody stucks at the start .
i love it .
it can be more better . plss make it more fresh .
i read your facebook post about how to fix the upside down front camera during video call by update my wechat to the lattest version and i do . yet it's still the same . please fix this asap . i'm use samsung galaxy tab 10 . 1 .
i lov it .
why i cant hear the audio of sight there's no problem before i update the new version . please fix them .
lovely app .
great app but . can i suggest to make a chat head for us to use some other apps while use we chat as well . but . overall . goodjob developer .
wechat app be one of the best chat and voice app so far .
best app ever .
i find lot of friend on here .
nice app i use this daily while i chat with my friend's .
my phone cannot use voice record . android 5 . 0 . please fix this i will give 5 .
love it .
why use too much memory .
i very love it for my wechat tq .
i just love it , but i hope i can take a long sight .
ive wait for several hour . yes hour . but still it wont open . why pea help . then i will give it a five star . okeh .
cant recover because u need a spare mobile number . this be a joke and seem very suspicious to me . now cant access my account to delete my pic .
why some emoji can't show out i be use touch pal keyboard , but when i press the emoji what i have choose , then i post to my moment , the emoji didn't show out , then it become . the example of the emoji panda , and many pattern of love and more please fix it .
why cant download when i'm download the we chat it will occur error 4 .
i don't c any fiend . at all with this new app . it's waste of time in download and waste of phone . memory .
i already use this app since 2013 and it be kind of annoy . i have to clear wechat data every month to keep my phone from lag . if you guy can fix this up by reduce the use of memory i'll rate 5 star . thank .
so nice .
hope wechat update have wallet , please fix .
good app .
nice one its really gud apps to find real friend .
i hate if i want format my phone i cant see my old chat .
wechat be the best chat app . please add some feature from whatsapp like feature .
two week ago , my wechat account couldn't send or receive anything not wifi problem so i uninstall and download wechat again . my wechat account work again , but only for a few day . now i be reinstall it again . i hope this time would be fine .
voice call be very good . video call be ok . i receive notification only when i open d program . message deliverd and read tick not there . please add these two tickmarks . rest i wud have give 5 star .
i'm not able to find the web wechat option anyone with latest release .
nice app .
why out voice and video call .
i can't receive the verification message why .
hi wechat team , can you please start chat room again . previously you start that service now there be no option .
whenever i try to share photo or change my profile picture in wechat , it will kick me out from the page . this happen since month ago and i have report almost everytime i get thi issue but no solution up to today . please fix it . thank .
can you make a longer sight and reduce the amount of mbs need to download this app .
it's work fine and really love it .
the app keep crash even after a fresh reinstall .
fuck . i can't change my name .
why i don't receive massage when i close the we chat .
how to delete my wechat account .
i don't receive notification unless i open the app .
good improvement anyway . i'm hepy with this new we chat feature .
why not open .
i've already uninstalling and install it back again but still not work . i can't see any photo of my friend update in the moment please fix this asap .
love it .
sabko ullu banaya . never participate in any free talktime event . totally fake .
add more friend or not friend in a comment . we can see too others comment . tq dev .
i only get message when i open into the app .
what's happen to people nearby i can't receive any greet . please fix .
can make contact with friend with no limit .
so it ignore priority mode completely , and sometimes don't even show notification .
i love this apps such as easy and very useful when explore it .
why i cant sign in pls fix it when i try to fill up and sign up always say check ur connection try again later and im try it again and again but it cannot sign in , pls help me . im badly need it to contact in my bussiness contact . be it need to have a high mbps connection im only use a pocket wifi and my cellphone be oppo 1201 neo5 . pls help im new here . need ur reply .
really good app .
can't open any video from the moment the error message say the website's security certificate have an error possibly due to incorrect client's time . adjust phone's time . not sure what that mean . how to fix this .
there . nothing good any more like wtf .
i know this's a combo of whatsapp facebook qq roll in2 1 but i disagree w havin 2provide a fone 2open acct . try 2open acct w email qq acct doesn't work or new acct activ process be fubared . proof that tencent doesn't know how 2 write sw or just convenient error . just like how they don't know how 2 combine qq wechat . it's utterly ridiculous 4 1 company 2 have 2 similar im apps . i also disagree w give tencent carte blanche access to my contact . that permission be block on my device . btw ugly ui and bad ux .
out of sudden ask me entry password . i do not even create a password when i 1st install and use this .
one of the best apps here in android . keep it up .
i dont know my wechat can't be select video call and voice call . im use note2 . anyone face this problem .
this be my frvt app i love it .
accound detail .
profile picture change by itself . pls fix . thank you .
very good .
nice work .
it use to be 16mb now it be 30mb . ofcourse feature also double like video call and voice message support with many sticker . however it would be nice if we could disable game as well seriously it be annoy and yeah it doesnt notify anymore . i get to open app to check for reply . im on jellybean until dorimanx make a stable kernel for kitkat .
reduce memory please .
i cannot use video call .
y i can't see picture and video . it suck . please fix it .
its a good app .
add long sight video please . p .
connect people .
best app .
all i get be a message say the app be an unauthorised version , which be rubbish because i download it from here .
5 star for older version . in this version many of my sticker cant be send . it be not in the sticker gallery . but in the sticker set it be still there . pls fix all the bug .
in this app we cnt se tht our friend be online or off line tht's the major issue .
i try to download it the whole knight it never download .
it be work perfectly well until today , when it say it be an unofficial version and ask me to go into private mode . i press ok and it tell me to recover a ban account i do what it tell me to , and then i have to start over edit for some reason its work now , although i didn't click the link . this issue be what cause four instead of five star . it use to be one .
there be full of bug . like the notification and something else . and i will not change the rate until you guy add material design in it . sorry , wechat be the worst im i ever use .
good application for free reward .
how be you do .
like it .
love it .
why i don't receive the message when wechat be not open , i have to open it every 1 minute to see if anyone send me message or not , please help me to fix this problem .
so bad until cant even open after update new version .
like it , simply click on your own android to use them .
if the new version will be not support to my device then why be you give notication of update if i not update it , my old version also not work . cant open new version too . hate u wechat .
i cannot open wechat . after update latest version . it's show wechat stop respond .
dont west ur time behind dis app its make u fool .
i'm use a htc m8 and this app can't even access the location service so the people nearby function isn't work . the location work perfectly well for all the other apps . dissapointed .
fuck yeah .
the app icon be hide on lollipop 5 . 0 . please fix . thank .
wechat team im download wechat but i cant open must give me a solution becouse i love we chat .
wechat's quite alright but the thing that's quite a peev be that i've change my device but when i log into my account , all my previous chat have be erase . i have two suggestion , 1 . please add the option to make wechat accessible to login on pc without the qr code . 2 . keep all previous chat history and make it accessible no matter how many time we login in a new device . so , i hope the wechat team think these suggestion be worth consider thank you .
update you guy should call it downdate . it's get worse . the last version better than this . totally regret for update it . pardon for my english , i'm from malaysia .
my wechat out option be remove . why .
damn . all verification code be expire . pls make new code .
whatsapp be fast . wechat be too slow .
already instal but it doesn't open , only stop in that earth logo , give me solution so that it will open .
the older version report be better i hope u can put back the old version report system . other than that i love this app but sometimes it crash . i love wechat . also sometimes when i open my favorite the app crash and exit why be that .
like it .
unable to login via sms . the verification of friend profile the cant show the picture how i go to verify it and now totally unable to verify already . pls fix it asap .
i cannot view the what's up column instantly like the one in previous version . i don't like it that way please fix it wechat team .
more bad than before . fix it . please .
it say no result find try again later .
most the time it's ask me to login . a message say log in expire .
there be a bug . its not show video nd voic call and evrythg that be suppose to be in 2nd row . i cant use any of these feature bcz of that . until the other prson call me . plz fix .
stay connect throughout the world .
its ok .
why i can't use my voice record . and i also can't see any picture that my friend post in moment but others medium social able to load picture pls help .
i would not recommend download it on a moto g , it be impossible . useless .
please fix it a . s . a . p it have be 2 month i can't log in my wechat . fix it . your help be such a waste of time . useless .
talk with friend use voice massage and call , i able to hear what my friend say use it but i can't even hear and either my friend voice message , until i turn it chinese then able to , hope that this problem can be settle it as soon as possible . thank .
great apps .
hope get one chance to change the wechat id .
i can't change my dp after update . how to fix it .
i dont feel like use this cuz there not much people who still use this and its little slow .
i correct the information about myself .
shake and nearby feature be not work in my wechat 6 . 2 . 4 .
people nearby option say couldn't load ur location .
how to block a person . please tell me . thank .
wechat be not open at all .
i can't install it because the usage of memory be to big . even i delete my picture and music .
please update on people nearby option , it's always show the same people .
to much space have to delte bff pic and it still can't down load and now my best musci downloader this better work .
very nice .
when i launch the app , it be only the start page that appear . someone look at the earth , nothing happen again for hour . help use to work well on my earlier phone .
pls i want play wechat but it keep crash .
don't show reward tab .
i try so many time install and unisntall also clear my data but my wechat still with the image with moon and a person standup and it stop there cant go for next step to login . can u explain and how to fix it . thank .
battery consumption be too high .
what the fish .
wechat the best . but why i can't open in my telefon . wechat lie .
please help me . i dont know what be wrong with its . its have sucessfully install but i cant view it . help me .
get to chat with my sis all the time .
this be a fantastic app i find a small bug that when you do a video call the audio get muck up when it get to my side .
be a good app that link me to the world .
i love it we chat .
it be best way to exchange our view .
when i update this afterwards shake feature be not work . evertytiming while shake . app show no data find .
w t nonsense it be not work it get stick after new update .
wechat always stop work . and didn't respond .
doesn't work properly very slow app and mainly the reward of the phone grand prize be fake hate it .
it's really good .
for urs promotinal offer u guy select one pay for redeem ur recharge voucher , bt it be a really bogus app , not get the credit debit card detail properly , can't recharge . and when i be try to recharge my mobile no again then it say the promo code use already wt the hell be this if u guy don't want to give all that promotional offer thn why the hell r u promote it everyday its really very much annoy .
i love it and its cool and nice .
its very nice and to reach friend very soon .
i have problem send picture and audio . please solve it . thank .
add a feature , which show weather the person be online or offline , with the indication of green or red dot in front or on right side of every person in the contact list . it will be very useful , please consider it sir . thank you .
i love this app .
i love it .
i cant even open it . it only show the moon .
can't open wechat , so i have to uninstall it why .
i love it . this application .
like it .
when i try to install it and wait it for 10 min and then you tell me that application cannot be instal in the default install location i try to install it many time and still the same .
just awesome .
can't send contact id's to others . please fix .
do not download it .
very fast and good .
why i cannot download this app .
i can find a girlfriend in the wechat .
reinstall this apps .
love it .
wechat to not recharge .
i like it but hope that the wechat tencent will add feature like chat head in the next update thx i will definitely give 5 star if you have it .
its have a minor bug while send .
when i open it , it does't have sound pls fix it i'm use lenovo a760 .
although after its update it have go way much slower than before . lag a lot .
after update , it logout my account automatically . all my chat history disappear after i relogin .
im use one plus one . the video quality be so bad . wirk on this . tq . i ll rate 5 .
can't log me in say i have unofficial app so security be set to high . when try to log in it take me to account recovery . ask me for full name and passport number wtf .
give wechat other people see online and last see wechat .
me and my boy friend use this to communicate with each other . we use to feel like we're near to each other .
i just install it but why can't i open it please fix .
this game be so good and you can chat to your friend everyday so awesome good game ever .
if you be say that customer will get a free balance then don't make fool by ask for payment from our side . that be really a bad thing thats why i rat 1 from 5 . don't make fool .
i lv this app thanx to maker of we chat .
i cannot see video when i talk to my parent .
can't even log in i have this issue for couple of month yet i couldn't log in , i even uninstalled it last month and install it again but no result .
it's not steady yet . need more time i'm use s4 i9515 and the menu option keep on go in straight line so if i want to make a call it doesn't allow me . it have its own mind sometime come to normality grid menu which be how it should be but then go back to straight line menu i can't make call or any other feature . need more develop .
suck this eat too many ram .
meh . fast but sometimes cause problem .
firstly i think the problem be because not update the latest version , then i update . but , after i update i just can use a few day less than a week , then the problem be come back . i can't text , call , vc or see moment many time i have to uninstall install back just because this problem waste my time and data pls do something faster solve this problem . i love wechat app and use it everyday , pls fix it . and i'll rate 5 again if all the problem be solve .
very good .
why i can't dowloand a new version wechat .
i can't see my friend moment after i update some thing . please fix it and i will rate 5 star .
i wish if you can make the online title on when somebody be on , . could you make an archive for chat please . thank you .
good app .
good very good .
i've be use wechat with my samsung ace about long time without any update . but now i've update to the latest and now i can't even open my wechat . it keep show the start the earth with a human and never let me log in . please help i have to log in as fast as i could because i have some information give by my leader .
please fix some minor problem and the app will be awesome .
best app but need a direct id of a person need more friend .
but download can install , the wechat have not support android .
i like it .
please make each of chat have custom notification setting but not only could mute in oncoming update , then i'll give it 5stars d .
this app be so fuck .
i love to use it .
notification still sound even when device be set to priority mode . this be important and need to be fix .
it's actually not open after instal . when i'm go to sign up , after type my number it's load for quite long time and i can't sign it up .
cant play wechat because . my account wechat not work properly . i cant update my moment then i cant see my friend like or coment . i cant reply chat and cant chat with friend too . hope u can solve my problem . because i always unistall then install back because this problem .
love it guyz let download this app its easy and so clear .
please add bluetick and last see .
u cant redeem main balance .
hat app thu .
love how you could communicate with friend .
u give 250 rs for send sticker in group and at the end give some faltu coupon which be of no use .
it need a translator tool or something for the english speak people .
sometime sight can hear voice sometimes no . fix it .
i like wechat , but wechat cant to communicate of people .
i have a strong proof of that wechat be fruad .
let go app wechhat togethher .
why i cant open it after i download this app .
in my wechat account the balance be 150 rs but various offer show off but in offer i choose one pay to get 150 rs but nothing happen and my balance be just 70 it's bull shoot app . don't download it .
good app .
this be a good app that i ever have . i give you 4 star because i cant add my friend so fast that i can . so hope that you can fix it and ill give you 5 star .
good apps .
like it .
try instal wechat 3 or more time . but couldn't install the above mention function . kindly help i will rate 5 after that . thank you .
great apps . but sometimes it won't work during mobile net hope you can fix it .
cannot find search poeole near by option .
i love it .
very easy .
so good .
love your world .
love wechat .
fuck sight . why have one eye on there sight fuck .
when i instal it then open this app . then it be not open . what to do now .
wow very nice .
no reward . and it get snatch away also .
i have to reverify everytime i use it . i want something simple . i want to be able to chat not look for date .
i can't use my shake option please fix it and i will give 4 star . thank .
so apparently i get ban for no reason and have to reclaim my own account through a needlessly cumbersome process . wouldn't recommend to anyone .
so good .
terrible password retrieval system and log you out when time out and one annoy bug be the too many operation . try again later be really annoy and need to be fix occur when i type password and if you spam the log in button it will eventually be stick at log in and nothing happen .
i love it .
its nyc . but it hang the cell many . even when i type msg . and the video n audio call function not work properly . otherwise its gud .
i love this so much .
love this app .
i cant play sight fix it .
no notification of message receive . i can only receive message after open the app .
love to use .
i love 2much wechat thank wechat .
nice app .
why do i have to load all the moment picture everytime and unable to download moment picture all the time . sometimes , network connection work so bad even i connect to wifi . please fix these . thank .
i love wc . when i install it will be error .
i get weird text of people i don't . know and . i say i'm 12 and they go show me ur pu y and . i'm like no .
wechat love .
good app .
i use wechat in a long time and it never fail it be the perfect app for me . i always use it from time to time . marvelous app .
why i cant login my account once it say need to verify my account and i tap ok , nothing come up then .
old version be good and its ask for update so i have update the version but now it wont work its still in main screen a man stand in front of world or moon pls . fix it .
i be have trouble with notification . i don't receive any msg or moment notification . why be that . and also i can't change my wechat i'd .
so good .
i can't open my wechat after install . 15 minute show globe only . very suck .
i cannot log in my old wechat .
drain battery for some reason and can't even force stop on android and when delete error 907 appear . fix it and ill consider to you a 1 . 5 wechat .
xiaomi redmi note 3g . tq .
love it . really brilliant app with many feature .
lastest update remove the exit function , why also , it cannot get all qq message , this feature be very unreliable . others feature be good .
best app to chat . i really like it .
after download the app there be too many ads popup come .
if i send a long text to other people the text will blok my profile pic hope this bug can fix it .
it stop work , so i try to reinstall it . but then when it reach 80 the download restart back . fix it pls .
i hope you update wechat again .
i didnt find any option about singup or login . its just instal on device only for show pic . its doesnot work anything . apps not start any more . before few month its work fine on the same device . suck .
i cant open my wechat . its keep on hang load . im also uninstall and install back but nothing change . im already submit this report last friday . i do hope u can fix it asap . tq . it doesnt work , . so how to solve this problem remove my wechat account help me . tq .
i once unisntall it . when im try to install it back , it just error . please fix it .
love it .
can't change my nickname . very stupid wechat team . bitch .
the program constantly keep freeze , not respond , and unintentionally reboot from wechat blue earth sign . very bad i have uninstalled and reinstall the program , nothing change please fix the bug .
drain battery for some reason and can't even force stop on android .
from wechat team even not use app .
i hope wechat will plus feature see at chat . in that way , i will know that them have do read my chat or not . i hope pls .
great app .
haw hide my id wechat from my contact friend list .
wechat team please fix people nearby . please make it work on kitkat 4 . 4 . 2 . fast .
i like .
very good .
good update and we can earn free amount with everday send a sticker .
why i cant login my account once it say need to verify my account and i tap ok , nothing come up then .
it wasn't show time . need to update .
plz do something abt area wise seerch prevesly this option be gud plz put it again .
wechat the best apps ever .
the world link easy way .
good for both voice and video call .
won't turn on right .
why do when its already a half i download , then it say cant download in a default location .
ammagin for un know person chat . easy for chat .
forever love this app .
its lag when use it in 1 min .
cannot display the moment and picture send by my friend after new update .
it be important to have the last see and it will more interest .
stop notify about game update i dont play it and dont intend to annoy when it pop red dot everytime .
previous problem of receive and send message be solve but it's take up quite a lot of space 3 .
hi . i have a problem on my wechat . its always stock on man look to the moon . and its do nothing happen cannot open pls fix it .
load chat history and post photo be super slow . line be faster .
this be so stumpik .
the application be wonderful .
convenient and free for voice or video call . very good .
god . sick of it can't do video chat .
cannot download it due 194 wtf .
i love it use when get bore .
it say thay unable to log in 5 , 1 what be that mean .
how to use sight .
drain my bat . slowingdown my phone . pls fix it .
crash a lot . i cannot send picture and cannot view picture which be send by my friend . if i do , it will crash . fix it as soon as possible .
to much ram use . boto .
really good .
i forget my password , now i did'nt get the phone confirmation message . it suck poor app .
why be alwys say service failure . intrnet connection failedhow can i know diz plxx fix it .
not recieving message when the phone be stand by . the message only recieve once the wechat app be open . why like this . please fix .
its good .
from last 3 or 4 day its not work properly with wifi . its very slow .
be there any chance i could deactivate my account .
like it .
in this new update , i can't press the video call and voice call during a conversation please fix this bug and one more thing , there be always photo unable to download what the hell be go on .
unknown error code 24 . please fix it .
i can't even open olso .
when i open wechat , they show moon , its stuckk , pls help me .
for the wechat moment i suggest wechat could share video and music it would be cool and perfect .
plz fix when i hold to talk can't send my voice , bt sometimes press will ok .
my phone . can't open this aplication any more after up date .
i have problem download my picture , have message them a few time , leave my contact too , a week later , nothing be rectify , no update from administration too .
i have a problem download it i have lot of space leave in my memory card and internal storage of my phone yet it say that i couldn't download it due to insufficient memory when infact i have more than 2gb space remain . but over all its a nice app i just hope i could download it next time .
the latest update why now i can't find my friend via their id this user doesn't exist .
can somebody teach me how to . establish a payment account with wechat .
por performance . i'm unable to fetch people nearby . crap my set be really fine even tough be show setting be not fine .
i'm try to verify my account many time . how could i verify if the picture of my friend can't be show please help . fix this bug as soon as possible .
love it .
please let the next update have specification of age thank you .
it very good but i cant shake my phone can you guy tell me im use android 2 . 3 . 4 and why be that and my phone be lg oldest model .
please upgrade . coz hard work .
it's really cool . consistency will always make it better .
love it .
after update the latest version of wechat on my samsung w and y phone , the conversation through voice call sound become rumble , can hear the voice clearly . after i reuninstall and restall , the same thing happen , and i find out it be the wechat apps voice call problem , the problem be not from unstable network and phone speaker . please fix it .
why be it not work i've be wait for almost an hour , there's nothing happen .
omg it so work .
coz of this app i can see him even our love be long distance relationship .
i like it . , to use its easier ,
love it .
hi . i suggest you put the edit moment . it be easier to correct a spell error after post the moment .
great chat .
love to use .
very nice app .
when enter wechat , it always close program shoutly . please fix it and i will download again .
a few of my sticker on my sticker collection have somehow vanish , can you please fix this bug c .
some shake problem be there . but overall it's good for privacy .
i like it .
i like .
good enough .
it be so difficult . you guy need to add a set to delete account so i can delete my account if i want to , choose what gender friend you want , what part of the world you want them from and a set that recommend friend to you and show you there interest then it would be a great app that every one would want .
it good .
my we chat be unable to open .
it suck . i cant view my moment . hm .
i can't use the people nearby feature .
this application very usefull .
love itc .
why i can't open this app on my phone even after i reinstall it for many time please help .
i still do not get timely notification unless i leave the app open , which be not ideal . please fix this .
i want sight use infront camera please . please . please .
cannot see any picture after i up date it .
good one .
this be fantastic apps .
i love it so much .
it's fun . best but video it's too short . please upgrade video 10 , 15 , or 30 minit . thank you wechat .
why after i clean my wechat data then i cant send my picture for my friend pls fix it this be not only one time already .
i dont know if this app lack anything because it look the same to me . it just take up too much space sometimes . anyways 5 star for it .
i'm unable to see picture and unable to send it pls solve this problem .
i cant even sign up . its say invalid phone number . weird .
not respond everytime i use it .
many problem .
i really hate this . y be it force me to upgrade if there be zero star option in play store them i would've give we chat a zero star .
this apl be good . so , please install it .
keep get this msg . dont know whats wrong other aps work fine .
i just try to register once use my mobile number , i try to sign up again use the same mobile number and now it won't let me to sign up .
what ever .
i use it about 4 month and after that i go crazy . any chat from my friend i didn't receive and i can send chat to my friend . i have to uninstall it . and install it back . this have happen to me four time . hope u can fix it . very annoy .
please help me with my problem . i can open my wechat but it stick at the moon . please reply asap . im use wifi still stick at the load .
french fry .
please help me with my problem . i can open my wechat but it stick at the moon . please reply asap .
im use alcatel one touch glory . i cant hear any sound when i open the sight . please fix this and i'll change my rate to 5 star .
omg i can't remember any of an app lag the shit outta my phone please fix or upgrade the software in choose profile photo , it take forever almost never for it to load omfg .
only one thing be best in this app . walkie talkie . hatke than other . otherwise need call clearly in 2g net .
don't download .
nice app .
why the hell you don't reply to the query either you fix the app or reply the solution for under mention problem . if you cannot do both , remove this crap from play store . iam have problem to retrive my account after i reset my phone . it say to verify through photograph but the photograph be not load . please suggest me to retrieve my account .
just to find out , do we need a sim card to use this app if yes , then i be not instal it . please answer thank very much all help appreciate .
fix this . cant upload profile and moment .
nice ap but we need the option to know which one of our friend be online and who be offline . so that way we could reach otherwise the app will suck . thank .
christ be svck .
first try this app a few month ago and at some point i could not login anymore and never know why . impossible to recover account . unknown error message . then i give it another try a few day a go with a different phone and a different simcard , creatig a new account . be never able to use the discover feature as the stupid app somehow cannot find where i be all the other apps can , but not wechat . then a few day later , the app then log me out because i have not log in for too long . i try to log in again and it tell me i have to verify my account . try to verify account , crash . wtf crappy troll developer .
i cant send and call to others suck help me to fix it .
love it use it .
i love u .
i love all the sticker some r funny some r silly and i really love do this with my friend .
awsome app .
i try send pic or click on my friend pic and i have no view .
wtf . after update , i can't open my wechat . im unistall after that install . can open .
we chat update last week . sometimes i dont get new msg notification . pls fix it . run android 5 . 02 cyanogen oneplus .
so many suck . i've wait too long .
i like wechat .
will give more star if they improve it .
please give us a room where we can see all our online friend . please add this for make a bestest app . thankyou .
why use so many data , my data so less .
it make me addict .
don't download this app .
i always re install wechat because cannot open it . please fix it .
i like this .
the most stupid app i have ever see . more couple sticker please .
glad i get my old pic off here i dont even know how to use this now wtf .
iam have problem to retrive my account after i reset my phone . it say to verify through photograph but the photograph be not load . please suggest me to retrieve my account .
i really like this app and have be use it for more than 1 year but i'm have problem with my drift bottle . i'm not get any reply . please fix it .
its ok .
we chat need to update . take broadcast off . picture sticker in comment . background for the tl bc yeah . be able to delete others comment . change people pfp dodhsj and be able to see other people who comment and like on others without have them on your list . and video on the timeline .
why we chat out doesn't support in india .
best app ever .
i hate this app . i instal it . but i can still see it in my apps . setting apps .
i love this app . so easy to leave a chat , and i like the time warn prior to reach 60 second . i do wish there be a more efficient way to erase chat but the app be still 5 star worthy .
i can't send my moment . keep fail . i have a good connection but keep fail .
fuck what the hell in this apps . always saw moon . why it's not respond .
like this .
i can't send video camera and location the button be invisible . totally useless i don't know how to fix .
it say i have log into an unofficial wechat account . and it need to be verify , but every time i verify the info it bring me through the same process over and over again .
love it .
ok so it kill ur battery life like crazy but it have really cute sticker and i only download cause u can't use snapchat in china which suck .
this app be good i really love it .
that be awesome .
i open the app , then close it . after clear the ram , the process of the app be go , i have to open the app again to receive notification .
love it .
always cant load it need to download again bad .
good but i'm wait to have same chat history on my phone and my tablet without have to backup for that reason i use only on phone . 1 star less . it would be great to implement this but excellent app .
it's a great app .
after update display picture of any contact isnt load n just i can see a blur pic there . please fix it .
new version be better than last one .
that i gud app i think .
the video call cant be access at all . please fix it . thank .
love it .
wow i'm sure this be excellent .
i have a problem , my phone can't play sight , hope u fix it , i really love this app
very good .
i like wechat .
very good .
earlier it be good now it be not . earlier i have earn recharge from this but now it fool me by show coupon to get as free recharge . what be this i don't want to waste my precious time . i be do job to get recharge . and now the coupon be also not work i have try but expiry be 31st jan . either be specific in your contest or don't declare a contest .
wechat cool .
can't change the profile picture and many problem .
wechat could not be download an error 275 please fix it i love wechat .
pls update to be more friendly use .
please fix it .
three year use this app , still i love it good job .
free chat .
cannot loggin in my account . shitt .
i wish can give no star .
now . i can't install wechat .
its good . two thumb up .
we chat .
best app .
auto update . i cant see my moment and others . fix this please immediately .
like it .
the good app i like this .
superb app .
great update . specially unsend the last message function .
friendd send voice chat didn't appear until i open the app only will appear .
very good app .
i do install and uninstall for many time . but still it stick and never show the log in also .
why we cant use near by online chat room i need online chat room .
wow it really work good .
it's lag when starup .
sometimes when have very good coverage image that people post wont appear . and sometimes fail to download full image . fix it and will give 5 star . anything all great .
i'm kinda new time this . but why whenever i make a video call to a friend , it say unable to start call and that we aren't friend but friend can make video call to me .
cant make video call , pls fix the whole damn thing .
nic app .
gosh . the quality of the image in wechat be so horrible . please do something about it .
a good app dat let everyone keep in touch wherever we be .
pls add more space , more efficiently to get into d chat .
all i see be just an earth with a human stand on somewhere . cant even log into it .
well , its good but not for overall please fix it .
hate this .
it say i have log into an unofficial wechat account . and it need to be verify , but every time i verify the info it bring me through the same process over and over again .
have few time delay messenge , be think to use othere apps .
the image in album didnt arrange properly fix it and i will rate five star .
i have so many time install and reinstall but still can't open my account . it have be 4 month i can't use my wechat at all . please help me , i really need your action .
can i have this app again .
now atleast i can see people nearby .
hang a lot while call and daily use .
i like this app .
please let it download . if it solve i'll rate you 5 star .
cant make video call , pls fix the whole damn thing .
love it .
this app really useful for me .
frnds keep 5 star to get new app .
i like it .
only the best .
can you some theme to wechat we would love it .
so good .
its good for video call .
me and you .
we can share pic from this app .
i cant see the latest moment from my friend .
its not free coz if i don't have data i cant do anything .
we chat make chat a truly lovely experience .
hey , my phone can't play a sight , please fix it .
can't view the moment , can't voice mail , can't voice call , just can chat by write and nothing . pls solve , thank .
cannot change profile picture .
i can't see my moment , i can't share my moment after update . plez do something .
how to edit .
i will try this one and let you know .
i cant see the sight that my friend send to me .
hey , my phone can't play a sight , please fix it . im use gt 5830i samsung galaxy ace .
when you will release wechat with material design we love material design . please make it . love you .
my message never come unless i open the app .
since i lose my phone , i have to buy new phone and new phone number . but when i try to login to my old account , it want me to verify it use sms . how can i know the passcode that u send if my number be lose too . and it doesnt have an option to change number . since i can verify it use sms verification , then ask me to log in into qq account . even that i dont remember . please add some option like i can put my email so u can send verification code other than use sms verification . than i will give 5 star .
very easy to use .
what be wrong with wechat . after the update , i couldn't even receive my message or open my moment . why be this happen fix this pls .
cant refresh moment and dont get any new message from my friend , and now ive to uninstall then install it back .
why can't we put emocons emojis in our status . please let us put emos in it .
i have update the app , and now people near me can't work at all , it give no result even when i set the gps to high accuracy mode . damn i'm use lenovo a50 .
i really love this app even though it's slow onmy network .
suck . the people in shake be from other country .
love it .
error 492 while download this app plz fix it .
wechat be always problem . stick on earth .
i love this app .
love it .
why wechat on my samsung galaxy duo can't open .
hope its good .
i cannot log in what happen . i try to download again .
message send failure what have i do to deserve all this you don't want to talk to me again right retry .
think to create java version also for other people .
shit . i cant dowloand wechat . because there be error code . what wrong plss improve wechat .
please give us a room where we can see all our online friend . please add this for make a bestest app . thankyou .
old version be better then new version because old version be show many people while use shake option . people nearby option be also work base on gps .
when i try share photo from the gallery , it do nothing , and show me a message of unable to load the recourse it have be the same since i instal the app a couple of month ago . please fix it make me use whatsapp , but i would prefer to use wechat for everything . thank .
get back my wechat connectec .
cannot update what's up . i have try many time , but not change .
no notification appear after new update , please fix it .
i like it at first buut then it get bore use it a lot .
i can delete or deactivate my account , this app be cheat , there no option for delete account .
do not want 2 downl .
people nearby can't work , please fix it .
we chat be very good app for chat phone call and voice mail this app be very good from other apps . i love it .
be work at first . a few time of force shut down freeze and then i update . now it wont even startup fix or its get delete .
i cant think with out this app . best app in all .
love it .
love it .
still stick on load screen . think its time for a new phone then .
suck it .
for the new update . i cant download or open sight or image in a moment . please fix it .
be wait for my gift .
gcm push be support last time , but now it don't . make it support and i'll be happy to give 5 star .
i love this apps so much .
why not you try to improve this apps so we know if our friend be online or not and his last see by our friend at our conversation . then i can give you 5 star .
i cant download due lack of space but i have more space in my device , please give me straight answer .
mine be block can't open it so i need touninstall it and again i need to install it once again .
can't log in my wechat . if i can log in i rate 5 star .
its very good app .
i'm not able to install the app at all . show error . please improve your app .
i can't view any photo after the latest update . i even uninstall and re install . remain the same result . please fix it . i need this apps to run my daily activity . it just make me so sick about your apps now .
it should include a language translator .
slow . heavy .
seriously the operator have to fix the video and voice call option .
it really best to social .
love it .
i love but the whechat be .
i want to have place that you can draw by your self .
idk why but it log me out from it twice i lose all my chat now it suddenly force shutdown and wont launch again after the force shutdown .
its not download for a long time . i be very angry . but its ok .
very good .
good but not to good enough for me impress . hahahahahahaha .
its good .
very good for u .
i like this app .
after update cant load pic and view sight .
the best .
love the site get hold of old friend's .
it be good .
i can't even open my wechat account and also this my second account my first account also the same thing .
now be very bad no good now . now limit can save 150 sticker and delete 50 tick of bad . thats be no good too bad . please solve can unlimited save sticker and delete with tick massage . also the set system to backup all message be no good too bad bcoz cannt backup , the old version of backup message be more easy , good and effective . so please solve all of three big problem . thank .
very useful app .
no response even after two day such a ridiculous team . hate this app .
version 6 . 2 . 4 get problem . not able to select the video chat and call chat bcoz the icon cant stop move .
i have reset my phone then i be instal the apps again . i have sign up for new account but same phone number . i forget that i be use the same number . i be lose my old account can't log in anymore it's do not exist . before this i can use my two account with the same number . if i can get my account back i'll rat 5 star . i be wechat user . need your feedback because everyday i use it .
i cannot in at the wechat .
love it .
now finally i can install with hospott .
it keep load for 3 day . i cant update anything at the status . fix it pls . thank you .
why to see review . just download it blindly .
cant view any photo after update .
what every popup isnwritten in chinese .
i can't send sms on my moment without pic .
i like wechat because i not like other app you can call face to face talk no lie but i have a problem with the a friend name mayer and i be communicate true wechat team but be get no answer very bad .
it be very good for help in business .
after update the app , i have be have some issue with the video and voice chat . i always experience network issue though my connection be good . hope thing will be fix soon .
i can't open my wechat . they just show the moon . if you fix it . i will rate 5 star .
love it .
i have be use this app for a very long time with no problem . recently though i have be have a lot of problem make call out use wechat because the menu to select it malfunction . the menu go into a single line mode that skip over the call option . a family member of mine with the same phone have also be experience the same problem . it usually go back to normal after a reboot , but it always go back the single line format within a few minute .
video call use a huge amount of my data . isnt it suppose to be free video and voice call .
use to work now it don't . useless app .
very nice .
why i cant post a photo to moment . i cant watch a sight and see everyone's photo on the moment . i cant download when people send me a picture because it always corrupt . fix pls .
don't download it just waste of time . not proper .
why i can't see all moment and when i update moment , its keep resend . please fix it as soon as possible . and i can't see all chat from my friend too . please fix it because i'm use wechat everyday . i'll rate it to 5 star if you fix it for me . i want it back to normal .
now more privacy . thumb up .
i dont want the older wechat .
install the wechat .
but have the unavantage .
not work at my phone . and why .
it would be a useful feature to help people to communicate in a more easy way .
operation too frequent . do i need to wait that long for me to type another message wtf .
make that so can search people around the world .
i like it .
m not show in near by people why .
i'm get no notification when the app be close . only work if i keep the app run in the background . contact customer service they suggest normal stuff already try then so far no further response from them so one star i feel be fair for now . update the link below do not work .
it would be awesome if you update it with some of this feature .
whenever i download it , the app download twice so i have 2 wechat apps , why's that do the second one also take up space .
kinda like a mix of whatsapp and twitter . have some very good feature , but im very annoy that you can't get wechat wallet on the english version .
can't see a moment , can't post any photo . fix this fast please . really disappoint .
for some reason , i haven't be get notification nor be i see new message even when i be on the app .
best app for chat .
after this update i feel that its better to remove this app , nothing good like before . no image get download . no dp upload . suck all time . need a better update .
amaze app but it be not take my location when i be log from mobile data connection , but for wi fi its work , please look for the issue , because from google map its identify the location correctly . thank .
i cant upload the pic on my moment .
cant see moment . take too long time to log in back . feel sad . also cant receive message from my friend .
just can't understand why it consume so much internal memory even after clear some pic from the chat history .
i remember id and password but when log in it ask for me to verify 1st . i use new number so i choose verify with friend photo method , the problem be the verification friend photo be blank just get their name . damn doom me cant guess who be my friend .
it be very fantastic .
difficult to use video call icon . hope can make new update for it .
great app to interact with foreigner but i don't like the shake feature because when a female shake her phone one time , she get many reply . so she ignore many of them . please wechat team do something for boy . you can understand what i mean . please try to understand . i love the wechat very much . so i also want reply . i don't like to be ignore for many hour in the shake feature of wechat . i hope you understand the boy . help us please . then i will give it 5 star .
mostly the shake feature doesn't work properly .
love it .
i love it .
why wechat cannot open why like this how can u tell me what i do to open that .
i love it .
i ned to ask y india in not include in d country list . so indian shuld not use this app be it .
people around can't find me around them . pls fix it .
nic app . we can connect with new people but a little bite problem in the video chat thts it all over its a gud app .
i cannot link my card as it say my we chat card holder name and account name be different but my name be same just there be space in my name and my tencent card name do not have any space in between can i change my tencent card name please help me to solve my problem .
please fix it , i can't see the picture .
i log into my 2nd acc , then when i want to log in to my 1st acc , it be load an hour . i want to reset my pasword use by text messge , but i cant . please fix it then ill give you whole star in this world . thanx .
after new update my we chat can't send long msg as in the word will be show in a row only . it's weird .
i've forget how many week it have be since i query about me not be able to see the people near me feature on my app , but i have yet to receive any reply from customer service . i even try reinstall the app . really shameful service .
i can't change my icon and cover . please fix .
because i like to cheat chat with friend .
please . when i use for vc , only my picture .
unable to uninstall . what the fuck with this .
it's better .
image cannot see , read or download . miss lot of info . pls fix .
wechat be the best social network i come across . thank wechat for keep us connect .
best of the best .
no onliners show in chat its another bad thing .
update suck i cannot see my friend update his pic and sight . plz fix this or do what u can . or i rate it one star only .
very good .
i like it .
after new update i cant open wechat . no star .
i cant see the moment .
good app .
i like .
not bad .
i uninstalled this because it won't show the discover but when i try to install back , it say error download wechat .
unable to make call voice video to my friend . error message unable to make call . you be not wechat friend . fix it .
i like it .
but have a problem . i can change my profile name why please fix it .
very good .
in this new update , i can't press the video call and voice call during a conversation please fix this bug .
i want to mention my friend in a group chat but can't . when i click then conservation out automatically . please fix it .
i have tire to login on my account but i cant . ive tire to reset my password but i cant . ive tire to retrieve my password but i cant . also ive tire to sign up a new account but im not get the code to do it . fix it .
i like .
it just give me one result , unlike before where it give me a whole list .
like it .
i'll spend about 2gb of data to install this app . when it do , i try to log in . n after 2 week , i cant login anymore . i need to re install it back . please fix this problem .
i can see what we chat for .
i can't get the interactive friend find method like friend radar and people nearby in my phone . please help to fix this . otherwise its a good chat network .
i love it .
pasay city .
cant see picture , fix it n i will rate 5star .
cannot send message or receive . what be happen . please do something about it .
this be great and get it .
how to create accout .
best apps .
so bad .
wechat use to be good . now its just horrible and shit . shake location wrong . its be a problem for a while now they still dont fix it . dont use wechat be my advise .
now i can't see nor post pic in my moment . i be think it be due to my connection but gr it's almost two week . what's wrong with this gr .
i just love it .
great app but i do not know that there be a lot of dirty mind people in this world .
nice app .
suck doesnt work send picture . and really slow . give 1star . fix this problem .
i like .
the app isn't work on wifi after the last release . it only work on mobile network . can you please solve this issue .
like it .
nobody reply in we chat team . section . i ll give five star if you resolve it .
after i update the new version , wechat cnt log in anymore , y .
cant see the picture in moment . fix it .
almost 2 week cant open wechat and 7 time reinstall .
i try sign up for it but everytime i send for my verification code the app won't take it . it keep say that its an invalid code . fix it please .
i love it .
good job .
good apps .
i cannot link my card as it say my we chat card holder name and account name be different but my name be same just there be space in my name and my tencent card name do not have any space in between can i change my tencent card name please help me to solve my problem .
why i can't install this apps . my old wechat be delete . can you fix it . now i don't understand .
my life start with we chat .
thank you . for wechat .
i like .
want to share location or real time location . but cannot understand in chinese . what the f .
main problem with wechat it will work only if instal in phone memory not with sd card installation . so with limit phone memory it be always problematic . the moment you move it to sd card it won't work . typical half bake developer like any other chinese produce . telegram , what's app will work peacefully in sd card memory installation . very bad .
unfortunately we love it .
i love this app .
oh , upgrade wechat but the system seem to have heap of problem .
attempt to install on a new phone after multiple attempt to even get the sms verification the picture won't load for secondary verification and the phone number verification do not work . fix it and it will b 5 star .
cannot select n upload my picture in galery . my folder picture in my galery also rag . please fix it . my phone be samsung galacy mega 6 . 3 .
hi we chat be o kay but i be unable to connect my friend . the update be good , but can charge profile pix .
yesterday everything be fine until this morning , all blank cannot even open .
why can't we search by actual name and not just by id .
it's ok .
this be a nice app .
always update need to pix it .
i love it .
its nice . bt last see can be update and the type of opposite person can also be show . otherwise its nice to use .
please do chat on head . i can't use we chat while use another apps . will give you 5 .
love it sometimes it crash without any reason .
love it .
love it .
my front camera be 5mp . but use wechat video call its work like vga camera . also from few day i be get error of network while make video voice call , although i be connect with wifi 3g . please look into it .
awesome very good for me . thank .
5 star .
hat it so far .
fix the lag on sight please .
nice app .
i love it .
cannot change profile pic , cannot share any photo in chat and moment . please fix it . please .
could not show picture when send and receive .
not successful .
i cannot open wechat on my galaxy young . it keep display a moon picture . please fix it asap .
when i want to tag mt location , the language change to chinese language . no more english . only happen if i want to tag my location . need ratification on this issue . tq .
nothing load properly .
like it .
please setup for new update , can't see moment .
i can install but when i open it only have a moon and a man .
its a great way to connect with lot of people love it .
its nice but i can't change my profile picture .
worst app i have evr see . how can u send a request to some 1 on my behalf . dude buzz off . im delting dis app . worst app i have evr see .
this app awesome .
hey can you change this mode turn it into meet24 app that type of app like . with out contact we can see more friend . that reply .
everything be gd bt be struggle with profule picture change .
i can't open my account . why before this i can open my account easily but now i can't . please fix it .
i have a problem with the confirmation code to create an account i try so many time to resend it but in vain i don't get any message please fix it i want to have an account .
not bad .
wechat not open .
please improve the ui of the app and make it more attractive and simple .
why i can't install this wechat i have long time to wait .
what the heck be happen to this app everytime i open the app , it keep on hang . it's not function on my phone . please do something about this so i can give you a 5 star .
awesom . app . meet frndss . and chat with .
after i renew my wechat , i cant see my moment , this cause a lot of ploblem to me . please fix it as fast as possible thankyou .
love it .
the video call doesnt have loudplspeaker on note 4 it be so quiet what the hell .
i can't download this . pls fix .
please upgrade to make easy delete the all moment in 1 time .
the wechat out feature be great with the free international call . how do you guy make money then when i van make call to non wechat user .
love this .
i'm get no notification when the app be close . only work if i keep the app run in the background . contact customer service they suggest normal stuff already try then so far no further response from them so one star i feel be fair for now .
like it .
love this app . nce to use . and we gt many friend from out side of the country .
verify friend photo . i hate it now i cant open my wechat .
it's log out by itself , some data damage , i need to recover , restore , and reset my id , name , gender and so on . then unfortunately , wechat have stop again .
not work good after update shake be not work properly .
i love to wechat with my friend and family .
i would like to see a feature in moment where we can post long sight and only audio . thank .
i can't press the call icon with new update . suck .
thank . i dont want to open wechat . forget password . but when i fill all blank . last must fill old password . i forget old password la . because of that i ask u . if i not forget old password . i dont ask u .
very well .
block your account when ever it be time for redemption of any offer . such a worst app and cheat of all time .
i love it .
why i can't install this apps . my old wechat be delete . can you fix it . now .
i cannot receive and make a call . ring once then cancel by it self . why i incountered like this . please fix . for now only 2 star i can give .
love it .
this app be very good .
can't delete the account .
i love this app .
nice app .
slow notification alert anyone .
why my phone no wechat out how to find it .
love it .
nice app .
sometimes cant see the moment .
like it alot .
love it tho . sometimes it will be suck . but i love it much . girl .
rock and roll to the world .
can't change mu profile picture and the picture of quelity pls improve .
hey you need to read how to use wechat before you use wechat i can share picture with my friend and change my photo .
low feature .
i can't mention person . everytime i put , it will log out . please fix .
im in love with google play .
the official wechat account spam chinese message at me every few day . can't block it .
suck . since the new update . i can't get any connection of internet or chat with anyone .
i just reply to your bitly account . but no reply from you .
fantastically useful and profitable .
it more easy save when chat with someone .
this app my best app . i all time use this app .
hi be not get wechat out option in my galaxy s3 min plz help me .
i love this app . but this app need high speed data and battery fast to drain .
like it .
what the f ck i can't delete my account . delete my account immediately .
if u wanna talk to somebody they gotta have tht app to .
so nice .
it's already 3th time i'm uninstalled and instal it back just to see my moment . do i need to do this everytime i want to see my moment . fix it .
the nearby and shake dont work properly .
lv it .
good app .
very easy to find people and chat .
after the update , cannot view picture in moment . cannot upload picture to others , keep say resend . please fix it asap , because i use wechat everyday . thank you .
very good .
i think it compare favorably with hangout and facebook in some regard the messenger be simple , insert voice chip , image , md location nicely . the social module be simple and less aggressive about broadcast your activity with people not directly involve in a conversation .
can you please add last see or online in status like whatsapp . i will give u 5 star .
why my acc cannot be log in this be 2nd time it happen . tq .
worst message app yet . just instal and sign up last night and this morning it already say login error for no reason . try log in and say my password be wrong when it's not then numerous try to reset password and even unblock where i enter in the exact verification code they text me and still nothing work .
love it .
i can't c nearby search option .
it be a user friendly social medium with so many extra feature to facilitate user , locate in any part of the world . but off and on i have to uninstall to reinstall it . i wish the whole team of wechat best and a bon voyage .
hate this app because before i could call my cousin and now i cant .
it's something which make me good when i be along .
really cool .
i need a need a type of privacy like a hide a what'up from stranger and so on , i hope you guy will make it .
can't see people nearby fix it then 5 star will b for sure .
why i can't search true gallery album when i click that why .
why i can't login to my wechat account and what be it mean . you've use up your verification quota what should i do now so my wechat account cannot be use anymore or what .
can't upload profile pic , can't see moment , can't save an image in chat and can't see it too , can't change cover image .
the message be send from my girlfriend's phone . only after a few min , i receive the message . you want a 5 star better fix it .
i be change my name . then i cant see ppl moment . pls fix it asap .
after four year use this app , i never face any problem and it run smoothly good job .
i cant upload my image . its not worling properly .
i like it .
google have be the most site i have ever see .
it's keep very time on download .
nice app .
wechat people be bunch of fraud .
i love it .
it be lovely .
not bad .
we chat .
fuck off .
hate it .
i love this app .
i will love to be part of ur web .
have fun .
hate it . when it hang . please fix it .
more n more bug be create after every update .
too slow to download .
not have any attachment .
i want use wechat , who i can't download it .
can fix the call button . cant see when flip to next page .
why this application cant run on my phone .
after update , it break my whole system and cause automatical reboot many time .
i can't access people nearby and i do turn on my location and if i ask wechat for help they just say thank you for the message . it realry suck when they can't even give help or support one star .
i can't open up my wechat after update . fix it .
can chat with my . cayunk . my bestie .
when i shake and people be from other country . i want it my countryy .
once again . same problem . already turn on we chat access location but when try to use people nearby its say unable to load location data .
i can't open my wechat as usual . this be suck please fix .
the best .
love it .
after update , the voice call and video call function cannot be access . please fix the icon so we can see them .
love it yet cannot open it even though i wait for many day . only show the front display . suck . plz fix it .
love it . coz so easy to use n friendly .
love it .
best of the best .
so nice .
why put all those invite friend and find people on the home screen it look bad .
could not download . i try it more than 4 time howing error 194 . why i just hate it yuk .
nice i m agry with app .
good and usefull .
why sometimes i can not receive friend write to the information it do not display .
i love this app .
can you add function to enable delete all moment so we not have to delete one by one moment bcoz it more easy for us . tq .
it all go well until it update to the newer 6 . 2 version . no longer support my galaxy phone yet still downloadable , whenever i open it be stick on the load screen . i have to use bluestacks in order to access wechat .
everytime i upload picture i need to do it twice becoz it freeze whenever i need to upload 2nd time . also my chat history dissapear automatic .
have so many problem . i cant log in for a few time already . i cant refresh my moment and i cant post . i need to uninstalled then install it again . then everything work as always . but it happen so many time . please fix .
superb app .
this be a very good app for video call and voice message i think that this be better than whatsapp this app work on 2g also .
i rate 5 bt until now my wechat i cn't open how many time i uninstall later i install again bt the same its not work plz fix it if wt be a problem this apps .
just i want to say . please upgrade your app to be more fun and more better than before .
after new update , unable to view , post , send and or upload picture either in chat and or moment . unable to make a voice call oso . haiz . pls fix it asap . thx .
it tell me that my sicken account have be block i alr get 4 time from this abominable massage . such imbecilic company would do such a thing .
after update my wechat , i can't see all my sticker that i've download .
not good .
five star .
error 492 show . unable to dwnlod .
i say it take too much of ram please less it than i rate full star .
this be my first time to use this apps cause my friend tell me this be nice and lovely .
i have not find any friend during my search in we chat . i completely dislike thik app .
everytime i shake the phone look for people it flash no result find try again . no response from help center .
i cant open my wechat please fix it .
this version will put my incoming ringtone to minimum every time . i miss a lot of call .
my account have be block for no reason . without inform me . hate this ap .
if u be read this admin , make sure ur mind have fix . i be a use this since a couple year but i notice that my account have be hack to ur system . i can't log in into my account . no need to fix or update ur app . it's a waste of time .
i give it 5 star if the load problem stop after some time of use wechat i can't find new people use shake . it get stick at load in shake option please fix .
so god .
1 . android material design 2 . multi device login 3 . desktop app improve . 3 . inconvenience switch account .
hello wechat team , i love this app so much . i just want to suggest few thing . can u add more detail on our account like age relay status . because when i want to add someone im wonder that info . tq .
hard to use .
it won't let me use it because i don't have a phone number what be i suppose to do i really like this app .
i can't view moment now . what happen .
why mine doesn't have the lucky money option have already update to the latest version . pls help .
lock me out and can't access again and a message keep tell me i'm use ilegal copy download from the play store .
i cannot able to verify tis properly if u enter into verification the image z nt download .
awesome . jp .
very lack in security . my account get steal after upgrade major security breach , my account profile become a woman .
ppl like to use what be simple n nice .
after update the last version i can't upload my photo fix that asap pleasee .
i can't see all the picture .
i cant see moment and sight from friend please fix it .
not bad .
can't see all picture's moment . good bye wechat .
i like it .
love it .
please upgrade the new version of wechat .
i love it .
its very good .
can't share directly from google photo app . both wechat and wechat moment . please fix it .
good app .
why you guy like use this freakin shit china communist party app apps .
nice app .
please decrease the ram usage it take my phone hang than i rate full star .
now i can't use video call . pls . fix it . ty .
nice one .
i love this app very much .
lot of bug . didn't show notification .
i love we chat .
it be vary nice and , its speed so good .
unable to retrieve old account . create a new one and it keep ban it for no reason .
have when every time must check wechat .
im satisfy with wechat so keep update .
nice apps .
always crash out new update be not good .
i love it but it be not download why .
i wish there be version for tablet its anoying when it turn arround .
we chat .
it's ok .
stick at load screen startup like forever . be a year yet still not fix . remind me why do i uninstall this at the first place .
i be unable to verify my account use profile picture of my friend . the picture don't show up .
pls add font pack . i will be amaze . and i will rate for 5 star . tq .
when i open this app its so slow and cannot open and when i want loggin its fail i will give 5 start if u fix it .
bcoz other apps r have same feature nthing great .
there be not show any nearby people friend radar option in my wechat profile . please fix it , or else i be delete my a c from here .
lovely app .
good job .
huge privacy threat .
wish to have deactive account please .
disappoint when ever i download the new version it only give me da world . not open . sad abt dat i would really like if url could fix dat problem .
stick at login page when use samsung galaxy .
have to reinstall for many time since it will automatically shut down by itself . idk why it happen quite often .
ever since last update , the video and audio call option be hide . please check . i will also send screenshots .
i really like this app and its feature . but there be certain feature which be still miss in this app i . e . last see and show online feature . you should add this , it will not be a copy of whats app rather it will enhance the use experience . after add this i wil rate 5 star .
i cant send any message to my friend , i cant see my friend's moment and i cant even look around . why the f be that please fix it .
damn . love it tho .
shake doesn't work on wifi or 4g but people nearby work . also send message be always delay .
this app be a very good app for all to u for place to another .
i want to delete my account and create a new one . but its impossible .
latest update break the feature menu where they be now all display in one row , render what use to be on the 2nd row of the first page inaccessible . there be also another ui bug where the speech bubble will stretch across the whole screen horizontally . restart the app fix these but only temporarily .
love it .
i hope wechat have bluetick .
why i can't longin the wechat ,
support just about every permission on android to spy on you . ask to verify your friend's photo , but doesn't show any picture .
love it .
love it .
my location be on but still unable to see nearby people . help and fix it .
after i update new wechat . i can't sand any moment and i can't see my friend moment .
easy way .
after update latest version my we chat be not work why its so .
mot really good .
i can't see the moment anymore .
why i can't use my people nearby i couldn't find new friend .
please help can't update to latest version .
why i can't use my we chat please help me . thank you .
wechat application .
i'm on xperia z and i have stamen mode on to save power . i'm not sure if it have anything to do with that but whenever my notification come in after my screen come back on , wechat be always the last to arrive and sometimes i have to go into the app to manually receive message and just today all my wechat message come in 2 day late could have be fatal you know i have to use this app because all my friend be on it . if you have any suggestion on how to fix it pls let me know .
nice this app .
i love it this be greater than whats app because it have shake , sticker and more .
like to use this app . good 4 group chat .
nice to face chat bt data double cut so use this app .
i cant send any message to my friend , i cant see my friend's moment and i cant even look around . what the f be that please fix it .
i can see all my friend picture .
something wrong in the image attachment icon when flip horizontal or vertical .
i can't even press the voice call or video call button after i update it . please fix it , after that i will rate it 5 star again .
whenever i chng m dp i have to install it again . lose all stkrs n waste of mobile date just toh change dp . holy shit .
cant play wechat because . my account wechat not work properly . i cant update my moment then i cant see my friend like or coment . i cant reply chat and cant chat with friend too . hope u can solve my problem . because i always unistall then install back because this problem .
not able to access wechat . show server access failure 1 503 something like that . all other apps be work except wechat .
i like this app . but the app size be too big . please reduce the app size .
excellent app .
seriously , first time ever i comment for apps in my life . i can't receive any friend request and its always search and load . and i try to reinstall . another shit happen which be i cant see any moment at all . i think this apps be great . but too much problem .
good app .
all it keep tell me be that i'm use an unofficial version and won't me sign in . it's bs . how many time do i have to make a freakin account to make this thing work . not to mention it just keep ask me to recover an account that's so stupid .
i can't find my friend although already enable mobile match contact function yet he or she have a wechat account and i save his or hers contact number , please fix it .
why be my wechat doesn't work after update so suck about 3 hour i have uninstalled and instal it for many time and the same problem go to my wechat please fix it you moron .
like it .
very nice app .
very good app .
too bad after upgrade then i can't change picture , see picture in moment and many more bad .
when i use shake . i cant see those people shake near me . they always give a thousand km everytime 3 .
best app ever .
i like this better than google chat but like google chat can you make it possible to see when others have read your message .
how many time i have to uninstall and then install again . just can open 2 or 3 time and then cannot open , always show not respond after thats . please fix it .
it keep tell me that my number be invalid even though it be not .
use it daily but would love a hand free option when send audio message . instead of have to hold the button . or even click once to start and once to stop the record .
i give 5 star .
app keep ban my number , even though i do the verification right . and this be my first week work with this app .
the best .
my number be not work . i have try over and over again try to fix that .
the other be still ok , but cant share the phone video , hope can fix it .
please update a new feature more . i will give you 5 star .
if i could delete or block your wechat country account i'll definitely do it without second tought . it's so annoy to be notify with not so important message from you everyday . only friend can be delete but not your wechat country account wtf . will uninstall now .
need english version support for tencent news .
wtf . this app doesn't anyone near to me . everytime ask to turn on gps although its already on . i try contact wechat through their support mail but no response . can anyone help .
love it .
it doesn't let me do the download dnt knw why show an error code 194 . plz hlp .
i like it .
again have problem with voice and video and location option in my samsung galaxy s5 .
recommend but how i wan have a wallet go in english version .
good for all way .
can wechat do an update about online notification so we can know which friend that online on wechat .
the moment you create an account , it's a puzzle to delete it . people still find you what ever you do .
all in one app . it have get everything . don't need any other app . superb .
cant use voice chat and sight after update on my xiaomi mi4 . please fix it .
work well .
cant even open other photo lol .
i can't change my profile pict , can't receive and send image . new update very awful .
can't change profile picture . can't see moment fix it and i'll give 5 star .
love to use it . easy to connect .
can u make notifaction time bar .
if you want to know what it feel like to have no freedom of speech , then download and use this app .
poor application . waste of time . always say i log into an unofficial version . where the heck i be suppose to bring that official version .
to slow hmm .
why me can't download .
i cant see the reward tab now .
always error when i download .
the good wechat .
why i cant see my profile picture . always load .
application house in china nit so safe . the regime communist could look after you if your comment be sensitive .
i love it so much because l can chat with my friend .
can't view picture or video recently . it be fine prior to this . not sure if it be because of the update . please fix it or tell me what to do .
hat it why after update my wechat change to chinese language . i set english language alr but its never change to english . pls fix this problem and i will gv u more star .
it be the best app for me .
wechat sometime can release a lot of tension .
i love it .
when i send voice to other people they can't keep that message why .
believe n trust each other more important in relationship .
late msg receive notification .
this app be cool but can you make a update . i can't upload 3 minute and more than that time . so please make it real .
i uninstalled wechat accidentally . but my old conversation and my memory with someone lose when im uninstalled wechat . be there any way to get back my old conversation .
im redownloading it . when i have a notification i could open it . but when i want to open the app by click , it say no sd card .
wtf happen after the update , everytime i video call my bf a pop up show say network issue but i have perfect wifi fix this asap .
need more or unlimited bottle .
new update cant send location to ppl . can fix it asp . thank .
again it suddenly ask me to relogin and all my chat history go it's just happen few day before and now it happen again oh gosh i don't even know do i miss any message from my friend .
all i can say be stupid wechat . your update version make me a werewolf day and night . waste my time a lot .
now give some paytm offer wechat .
nycc wrkk .
i love to have wechat .
i have be instal it for many time but i simply can't . my memory phone still fit to install this apps but seem like something isn't right here . please help me .
before upgrade this few day . i can't hear voice message . after upgrade still the same . please fix it as soon as possible .
good app .
pls do an option on delete wechat acc since im not use my second account on wechat .
recently notice a serious bug after update . it be eat processor time , hence drain battery like anything . please fix this asap .
people near by dnt work fix it pis .
love it .
love it .
it be ok but i take forever to load if you could help me that would be great .
thanka 4 this app .
ever since i upgrade from blackberry to samsung i lose all of my emoticon and its not save anywhere i delete wechat and reinstall it but still nothing so fix it and i'll re rate it .
please dont hang . and please hv button to change wechat id .
no comment .
soo many time i download but in da middle its say error download . actualy im waste my time , dada card and lose my tempt .
good app .
i hate it when i change text size then i can't change it back i want to change from large text size to standard text size .
why my wechat no have wallet .
i like it .
shake stop work after some time . i have to reinstall it . but again the same story . please fix this issue .
why search error when add cntact .
get time to sign up but still unable to sign im .
lol . it can't be download by the way my storage be empty . please fix it will rate u 5star .
easy to use .
it's a good app . but i have an issue . i . e its do not show the notification that the receiver have read the message contain . so make that update .
after uninstalling , when i reinstall back , it show some error code 24 . until now , i still can't reinstall back the app .
i'm use this we chat from the development of this app . but nowadays problem occur always when update release . now the problem i'm get when i use shake feature it always say no result find try again . give me suggestion how to solve this . i really like this app but some feature get problem often .
new wechat instald n my galaxy . but its not open . y .
when i'm do connect to wifi but it still can't update .
i recover my account many time but every time same problem be accrue and same process follow bt still i m not able to log in .
i be not get the people nearby option in the discover tab pls help .
image unable to download .
i like this because it's very clear video call keep it more improvement .
love it .
i can't see the moment . sometimes moment that have be abandon for almost 2days and i also can't send any message or picture even use wifi . i must to uninstall n install back to use this app . please take note .
there be too much unknown user that send disgust sexual picture , i report them but wechat reply to me that they can't reslove . please solve this problem as soon as possible . it be inappropriate and as i know , there be many young people use it . include me , as a 14 year old .
almost no one profile photo be display . when use people nearby , it randomly select between closest to furthest and furthest to closest . need a lot of work to compete with other apps that need less advertise and be way more functional .
why cant in sign in to my account .
like it .
we chat .
after the new update , i can't load my moment anymore . its like something stick in the shithole when i try to load it . please fix this problem .
good app .
the aap be good but it be very slow .
love it .
why i can't see sight from any friend please do smothing .
just update recently to latest version but there be an error for the language as its only trigger chinese when be about to search share location and somehow affect the result loc not find . previously there be nothing wrong with it . please find out what's the problem . thank .
bug everywhere in 5 . 2 . 4 version .
like the video call thing .
i like it .
please make switch account easier .
im use samsung galaxy young . and i download it . i open but its only appear wechat home screen and it didt show that log or sign in page . why it show that home screen only even i wait until one night . can u fix .
very good .
fast , comfortable n easy .
love it .
my phone have 8gb memory card but still can't instal suck for wechat .
easy to use .
suck after new update now i can't see all the moment and my friend list please fix it and i'll rate it to 5star again .
like it .
nice app .
when i want to see moment . suddenly they out to home screen . very disappoint . just wait time to ignore wechat .
why me can't download .
i cant use people nearby . i try ao many time .
i download it from google play store for 3 time and couldn't login . keep tell me it get lock because i login use unofficial version of wechat . and it wouldn't even let me recover it .
earlier it be most use app not just by me but in my friend circle too . but now everyone uninstalling it . its all laggy and slow .
this app so awesome .
very great nice app .
i want to learn more about this wechat .
it's always show that unable to load your location data pls fix it , if not i will uninstall .
friend it be very good communicatuon .
improve the friend finder .
please gve a option to change our i'd on wechat . from same number .
i love it .
after the last update not able to discover . say location not find .
i cant open my account only way to open be uninstall and install which very annoy .
this app be dumb and it also say that you have to sign up .
my photo and video in moment send by my friend , all be unable to show up . please fix this asap .
broadcast didnt work any more .
how to deactivate the account .
after have the account lock from try the wrong password , think that i lift the ban off the account , try to log in via sms , it's just not work . i can't create another account because my number be attach to the ban account . there's no way of get a verification code aside from text , which be annoy when they don't recognize my phone number after several attempt .
after the update i cant make video call . it keep show network issue although the network be very good . wechat team please fix this a . s . a . p then i will give u 5 star .
when i instal it . it can't open and i can't log in account . wechat be too slow .
this be the most private communication app ever .
wechat could not be download an error 275 please fix it i love wechat .
i redownloaded it just to get the ipdate and now its not open . i cant get it to function . its more like it bring more bug than it fix .
can't change my profile picture and can't see moment .
i like .
dint show notification if no open wechat it definitely won't show any notification pls fix it .
you should try .
when will you introduce account deactivation option wait for it .
love it . this app be too perfect . i love it .
hello . my wechat have problem .
perfect app to use to chat with anyone in the world .
please fix this , my internet be on good speed , i can watch youtube on hd with it but i cant update my moment , fix this , i need them fix and ill rate 5 for u i think this be bcos ur new update since i have see a lot of bad feedback on ur new update , fix this .
after latest update location share only in chinese language . please fix this .
give it a try .
can meet with new friend .
hard to see the old post if i cant remember the key word , need wait so long time to flick through all the page ,
when my friend send a video , it can't be download . please fix this damn . thank you .
cant play wechat because . my account wechat not work properly . i cant update my moment then i cant see my friend like or coment . i cant reply chat and cant chat with friend too . hope u can solve my problem . because i always unistall then install back because this problem .
the best .
there a problem i cannot login to my old number bcause i forget the password . please how to get my password .
people around function have go and cant open set .
after i update my wechat , i can't see any picture in the conversation that send by my friend and i also cannot send out any picture , and it also happen in the moment , please fix it .
suck after i open my account , i cant verify it anymore , i cant use my account pls fiz this .
error 194 what be that please fix it and i shall give you full star .
love that app .
all the feature keep jump all around and cannot be click .
its many time i try to install wechat . always error . please fix it .
i like it . i can chat with my friend .
video load be extremely slow it waste a lot of my time .
its so good i want to hv sex with it .
no good , now cannot see image send from fren i send image also blank .
i love it .
an awsome app to give a fight with wats app with feature include cool and animate sticker voice chat every functionallity of this app be awsome i love this app will definitely rate this 5 star .
not possible to make video call why like this .
i cant even login after update this app . iz fix it .
i cant click on vid call button .
its okay for us to use this app . chat and call easily . but we cant delete account and deactived account .
all from the almighty .
can you update a new version where we can mark to delete please .
gud to do with .
every my message will delay about 3 5 minute to deliver to my phone . sometimes it doesn't come out at all please fix this problem .
i have download this app but i be not greet the option of nearby by friend which i can search i be not able to discover people . please help me with it .
i be go to install it and look great .
wechat ask me to log in again today and when i log in all my chat history go what happen oh gosh i didn't even backup those chat .
love it .
video load be too slow .
there be some inappropiate sticker option and i have go through some bug like my message would not send even though i have full internet connection .
it's too heavy . it's state only 25mb but when i use it , it's 58mb .
hi there , i want to say that , can you make the profile picture be secure , because people can save other people's profile picture and that make me uncomfortable use wechat .
i love it video call free as well as free call .
this aap be only for bignners .
low quality of picture .
i so love this app .
get ban , already get it recover through sms but still cant log in , please help and fix .
i try it . and really i like it . it work much better .
headache but nice application coz i can see my someone out there .
very good .
please give option for user delete their account .
the quality of the wechat out call be pretty good , love it .
crash and freeze my phone when try to send a picture or make a post on moment sticker be delete by itself . im bout to delete this app .
doesn't work at all and it doesn't consider my network . i don't have any issue with my network . this app suck . better remove this app . doesn't help .
greatest app .
i really love this apps because i see many chat meet nearby .
im bore .
cant see all the moment photo and video too .
balance automatically reduce . wasteg your time .
i lov this app .
love it so much . its much more better compare to other social apps . especially the voice chat be amaze . i could make a video call with my love one . hat off to you guy . 3 .
love it yet cannot open it even though i wait for many day . only show the front display . suck .
though i be perform activity with out miss my free balance be reduce daily . it be not good for me .
keep ask for account confirmation . do not recognize my account and password combo . say my account be protect and to login via sms . when try to log in via sms , it say my account be protect etc around in circle . rubbish . i would give no star if it be possible .
take far too long to open despite have a flagship phone . other issue too hard to explain on a rat .
i like to chat with girl and be insearch of a good life partnerl . may this app help me .
u know wut this app be cool . but most people use a bad sticker . like penis . have a sex . ugh . it make me sick . i be too young for this . aka waffle .
i can chat with my family in the we chat it be a amaze .
great im app .
lately i can't see people nearby . be almost a week .
i wish wechat do have for see who be in online or ofline that i see comfortably . please do make it .
its not that i have no sufficiant space . i dont kniw why . i cant install it . please help as soon as possible . i really need wechat .
i like this application .
i cannot open the wechat sight and also it doesn't have sound on it .
since the last update this app be run in the background even when im log out battery manager show a constant drsin of 4 the most power hungry app on my phone consume 25 of the battery in one afternoon . i'll give it one more go but if it keep happen its for the bin .
fix the bloody problem make call n videocalls be impossible now . swipe leave or right to tap on video icon be impossible .
love it .
i like .
eat up memory like a monster after i uninstalled this app , i free over 2gb of memory on my phone .
this app write a file thats make your memory card unformatable , i cant check my sd card for error when i plug it in my desktop . it report an unreadable file within the tencent folder . bye we chat .
good app .
i can't send a chat . please fix it . and i will give you 5 star .
thumb up .
nothing to say . it be very great .
people near by feature miss wer v could connect with frns near by .
i be use samsung gallaxy . when i try to open wechat then just open men beside globe picture and its not open please fix it . i be wait 15min but not open .
it seem nothing be private . everyone know everything about you . to me , privacy be very important .
nice . nobody compare this version .
i can't see all the picture in moment and i can't see the picture when my friend send me pls fix it asap . thank .
wen i shake i find only chinese type people n their name r weitten in chinese type language lol .
very good .
like it .
i couldn't load any moment picture after the update recently . please fix this asap .
there be something wrong when i want to make a video call . i cant make a video call cause of bug . can you guy fix it .
really . about date .
could you at least show us whether that person be online or offline .
i'm struggle to download this app but why .
like . 1 see unseen status 2 online offline detail 3 connect call to india .
please fix the bug . cant video call have problem .
thank you .
please fix the this problem on shake be unable to find people of my locality it's just go in china malaysia iraq please fix it up soon .
we chat .
love it .
i cant opn the app after update . dnt waste ur tym fr update the app .
not able to answer video call .
love it .
when i shake my phone no one appear fix it .
we chat .
sound record problem .
im beg you pls fix this . not only cant see and send pic but i cant post my moment too .
love it .
so good nice .
it be very fun . because i can chat with my friend , girlfriend , and other . but one thing i didn't like it . the username can't find .
what's the use of wechat if i can't be see by people near me i check the setting and try to uninstall reinstall but its still not work . sad .
it be very good .
can you make the sight more longer to record the video .
just love it .
very usefull app .
this app be great you easily talk to somebody anywhere this be very awesome .
nice app .
think the best .
nice app .
luv it .
the video call and call icon change place , cant press it .
i have a problem with share picture on moment fix it asap .
for the same version , my friend have wechat out but i cannot find it on my wechat . that feature be quite useful for us . how can i get that feature .
so good .
after update , too much image and sticker send by my friend cant be open and download . please fix it better . its really suck .
nothing change after update the new version of wechat .
nice app to chat .
i love this app .
like it .
can chat with my . cayunk .
this be app be not set my profile picture plz rectify it as soon as possible .
wechat suck after new update can't share picture or sight send picture even my friend send me a picture also can't open it .
can't even download . do we need another f ing chat client .
so good .
it suck .
i cant see my friend image on moment n also can not attach picture on my moment . please solve this asap .
there be various type of sticker .
it would be nice if i can see who's online and offline on my contact list .
time waste .
cant view a single picture either in moment or in chat . my cover photo be go also . what be go on here with the latest version i go uninstall it if this problem persist for another week . please fix it .
i cant use the voice messenge . really ma fan . i need to install again only can . what be the problem .
nice you .
hm . very bad act . always uninstall by itself .
when i m tray to call my friend video call option scroll like mouse but not fix at any point latest version very bad not accept by we chat .
can't stay in one place . such as i delete my friend list then go back to cgat list . before this just stay in friend list that i have scroll .
wow love the app .
suck why i cant open it i do already have my account but what happen everytime i want to open it be automatically close .
what be wechat out why it be not available for all mobile brand and model .
i have no caption about this .
why cannot download the wechat .
please fix it please it's 1 month since i complain .
cant make any voice call after the new update . it keep say unstable network when im sure my network be just fine . previously , everything be excellent . please fix it .
nice app .
ask me to choose 2 frd profile photo for verification . but the photo side just show all blank how can i choose .
i cant even dowload from app store .
but pls fix it i need to see my friend in online but can't see . i will give five star if u fix it .
what be wechat for .
good app .
why i cant open it only the earth appear t help me .
after new update unable to use voice or video call since it swipe away in menu . performance very bad hang to frequently and sometimes stop respond . previous version be way better then this . if not fix will uninstall .
by use this app , my ph start hang .
the app be not work .
when send location in chinese language come .
i love it .
like it .
after a few second wait , as it do instal , package file be invalid will appear . wht do it's mean . please fix it and i'll give u for sure thnk u .
i crash on load page . my phone be samsung young .
i will use this .
i use english as my language when share location it's show in chinese . please fix it .
1 . some of the menu have chinease character 2 . when i chat with a person the conversation don't go on top like before 3 . sometimes the menu that have the icon for video , photo etc put all the icon in a long horizontal line . i never have problem before .
after update . voice call sometimes didn't ring when someone call . also msg after read , but it still appear as unread . please fix .
it will be even better if there be the a time beside the message once other party read the text . or maybe the last see time .
i can't open my wechat . why .
we chat .
i love it .
no network connection . older version better than new .
i want to delete my account as i have account by my 3 different number . plz help me . as fast as u can .
all in one . this be a great application .
e , 52 .
this be a great app and easy to teach people .
very nice .
very good and not kind .
i have try to install it .
whenever i try to open wechat , it keep on retuning back to home in my mobile phone . seriously , please fix this .
my account be steal and i try to reset the password . the procedure keep ask my old password for a password retrieval . if i know my old password why be i try to retrieve password stupid .
i love wechat .
its realy very good and connect app . but its can not update message delivery confirmation .
suck . i cant find by nearby people , i cant find local people by shake . waste my time .
great app .
my photo and video in moment send by my friend , all be unable to show up . please fix this asap .
it be horrible i don't understand because . i always get two we chat thing .
the best .
i cant use call and video call .
please make this sign up use facebook be fully functional then i will give you 5star .
i cant even dowload from app store . rubish .
add mollywood and malayalam sticker .
very good .
we chat be the best way of connect with friend , relative .
feel like i'm alone use this app . i didn't get any reply from drift bottle nearby people shake phone later i come to know that message be not deliver to people . poor app .
why can't add my friend contact again after friend contact delete when i add , i saw the word the other user be block . please fix this problem a . s . a . p .
hi wish wechat team can upgrade new version that we would see other s likers but can t add .
sight dont have sound .
team wechat . why i can't enter , jam on the picture of people on the moon . help me to fix it as soon as possible .
i like .
before i be use it but now i don't know what the problem be it can't open .
image or sight problem , can't load and upload show unable to upload , why .
hi have a samsung galaxy mobile . i have instal the newer version of the we chat application but it be not open , please help to open it easiely .
sometime i can't load all of my friend pic .
keep say no sd card . i have unmounted , mount , reboot , clear the cache , delete dump log , remove battery , physically remove the card . sometimes it will show a few pic then 10 minute later everything be grey out no profile pic receive pic audio message . other medium on the card be functional so it be not corrupt .
cannot download this .
love this app .
shake only get foreigner . no indian .
why my wechat account still can't open even i have install the new version it just show to me the picture of moon only .
after update i can't download and send photo . pls help .
when i scroll down moment then i click the photo for large image , the moment go up . difficult for me to scroll down back .
i love wechat .
its fake .
it's really good . you can send a text while record your voice . really satisfy with this app .
i luv the wechat bt also hate it for the shake feature pls add more than 1 people per shake . per shake 1 person be so bore .
after the new update my shake option be not work . please help me out . i be use samsung galaxy e7 . hope i won't be disappoint . thank .
not bad .
video call app .
why i cant install this app i've be wait for too long .
why my wechat cant open .
it be nice app .
please fix this problem . i cant use voice call or even video call . cant connect .
i always want to open this app but it be not open so i hate this app don't download it be waste of time and waste of net pack .
i cannot open my we chat . iwait for 1hour but still cannot open .
thank you wechat .
really work .
i like it .
allow us to change wechat id thank .
app be good . but i'm not able use shake . it keep on show no result find . fix it quickly .
it be super great .
nice app .
i can't install this app .
so good now i can txt my m8s on line viber whatssapp and this .
after a while of shake i cant use the shake feature it keep search and disabel wifi or mobile data on the app so i must uninstall then reinstall the app and after while it make the same problem please fix it .
i wait for a few hour already yet i can not open it . i uninstaled it and instal it back but the same problem appear again . only show the moon with person display for so long and won't let me open . i think it might be internet connection but don't think so . i already use this app for year so this kind of dissapointing me .
this app . be very useful for unmarried people .
i love this app but unfortunately in my lg g2 video call result be so dark kindly fix this problem .
best app ever .
why i can't see who online nearly and in my country .
good apps , easy to add friend . user friendly . need to improve for last see people online feature .
superb app .
i wish i could see if the person i'm chat with be on line . it's frustrate when you're talk and all of a sudden the conversation stop and you don't know if there still there . also it would be nice if i could see when the person be type . if you incorporate these two feature i will give you the two remain star . thank you .
when type it tend to be very lag dunno be asus zenfone 2 problem or wechat problem but whatsapp ain't no problem .
very gud app for find more n more friend but i want to purchase stiker and there be no any option for purchase how can it .
what just happen instantly uninstalled it self . i'll try to reinstall cannot . this suck man .
slow feedback from developer .
why my slight havr no sound after update .
i can't change my profile pic . it stay at the upload popup for a really long time until i dont bother and just exit the app that's a deal breaker for me . wouldve be 5 star otherwise .
i can talk with randomly people .
i be use 10 . 1 inch tablet . wish can still enlarge the font more . can hardly read the right side comment of discover people . thank .
i so love you .
love it .
love it .
but sometimes not work .
wish me luck on this app .
i like this application .
nothing to complain . i like it .
we chat do not monitor for prostitution or inappropriate language on its site . massage with perk be often advertise with no consequence .
i like it .
very worse i lose my friend due for not access .
it crash everytime i browse through my gallery to change my profile pic .
great to online .
it's awovsomes app .
i like it .
so please change my vesion old one be not work pl slove my problem .
i love it .
it be good before . but now , i cant seem to change my profile pic into somethin else like before . it seem like there a bug or somethin . pls fix .
now i can't see all the moment and when my friend send me a picture . please fix it and i'll rate it to 5 star again .
i love it .
after the update , cannot view picture in moment . cannot upload picture to others , keep say resend . please fix it asap , because i use wechat everyday . thank you .
but since i update it for last version i have a problem in search they give unable to locate your location please go back and try again this problem repeat with me many time in each day please i want from you to fix this . otherwise i will remove it thank you please fix it its annoy problem .
love it .
my wechat not work also moment can't update and i need to reinstall this every time it happen .
frustrate i've be uninstalling and reinstall it a few time now please fix .
lastest update dry my battery in 2 hour .
i can't see photograph in moment , neither from my friend's album nor my own folder . it start after update .
i love it .
i like we chat . the new version be much better thn old .
i love it .
i like it .
frm two day recently nly i instal .
my look around naver function . so sad load location data fuck off .
i can't login into wechat . please fix this problem as soon as possible .
lag . open the pic . why .
i like it my english language be perfect .
search for new and good friend .
i be update my we chat . its show for update i be not able now after update to backup my all data i have some important chat history i lose it . its not good i think . very baad application for lose data i think whatsapp better than we chat . i lose my real data .
how to change id wchat .
the app be not open it be show the small man and the mood .
i try to put emoticon from my go keyboard's emote but nothing happen , the emote just wont come out . i try many time but still nothing happend .
love it .
pls add remove account in wechat . i create a new account but most of my friend still keep my old account . so , they do not know which one be still active . they think i'm use 2 number .
why not open my wechat .
this application work on gprs or 2g data for pakistan but after new update new version voice call be not clear but almost ok now i can call to we chat friend need to improve call on low internet data gprs or 2g thank we chat team for support .
i love this app but i can't share pic on moment since new update pls fix it .
i can't send picture even use wifi .
please show that the person be offline or online and i can't send pic if u will do that i will definitely chat my rat to 5 star .
on last or latest update i can't find the lucky money option in my we chat .
i cannot send my save moment from my favourite to my friend . please fix it by next update . this really piss me off . thank you .
but i cant use all the sticker emoticon in moment .
it prevent me to see photo and video in wechat . i'm also not able to send my photo to others or moment . please fix it .
fuck it .
now i can chat with my freind very easy . tq wechat .
cause i guess its most better .
why i can't open my wechatt . what be the problem .
app disappear at time .
thank for this apps .
its good . its not bad . but the problem be , there be no emoji to be texted on the moment and the crash issue be even worst happen when u press moment , chat and set .
sorry , but i still cannot open my wechat . it stick at the boy see the moon .
wechat be laggy and quite slow . also there be no material design which doesn't give a good look to this app .
nice this app .
it be more better if we can see who be online like whatsapp .
i get a fantastic way to connect tge nearest people . o love it .
i like it .
i can't click the video call button at all after the update . the sight function zoom in automatically and unable to zoom out .
no discover new people i m delete this app .
i can't use video call please fix it .
it stucks on the load page .
really nice app which connect new friend .
i've already install this app about many time . there's a big lack of space to succeed it for my apps . so then i try to figure out what's go on . then when i finally instal it , i try to open this apps . what the hell be it constantly doesn't make me feel proud or enteresting to join this app . i just see the front of background moon but still doesn't work . i can't enter the home even more .
great for communicate with family around the world absolutely hate that my samsung never get the full benefit of sticker . other people who have android or apple product have access to so much more .
would be better if wechat get last see , or read thing like whatsapp or line .
not good improve this .
i love it .
this app make happy .
not bad .
after the new update it be not work unable to open it keep on hang .
5 star when it show last active time of user .
i cant for the inauguration of this program need pearl time why .
i cant voice call cant press on it when i slide it .
i can't see photograph in moment , neither from my friend's album nor my own folder . it start after update .
love it .
why can't sight with front camera .
100 percent of my friend in china be all use its indeed a great app i be use to communicate with them all . and i be not from china .
wann to reload this app . bt ye ho nhi rha . help m .
i really love it .
after the update it all go wrong too slow and too much log .
this be a best app for frands chat .
latest update on my redmi note 3g can't share picture , view share picture and send or receive picture .
now a day i cannot do a video chat . whenever i try to do video chat alys their be a message of issue of network where as the network be v good . i don't understand y cause before it be work v good but now it's show this kind of problem .
this app very best .
always have problem , like can't send msg and renew the moment . this cause me always uninstall it and reinstall back . and lose all the conversation .
love it .
i can't watch the sight video . when i . press in , ask me to choose which type or video apps .
everytime i try to open the apps it go to my display page and it keep crash . its annoy . pls build up the delete deactivate account button . as a developer of this app dont tell us your team cant do it .
how can i delete my wechat account i want to delete it .
when i install a new vision . i can't open my wchat untill now . same with my son .
it's awesome .
unfortunately , wechat be close . every time i uninstall and install it again its not work . pls fix it i cant log in to server , .
after download new version . all my moment photo cannot view . photo send or receive photo also cannot view . pls fix it .
use wechat since 2013 . wechat drain battery so fast and hot like as hell . can you fix this issue you should proud many people use wechat now .
good apps .
after update , i cannot call video n voice call . before all the feature be on the same table but now they all be place horizently dive into 2 page and i neither can click voice n video on 1st page nor in 2nd page . so i humbly request u to fix this problem .
nice app i connect to all my friend anytime we chat .
really good app .
i want new version application , this also old version plz change it .
i think we chat they must change their system when u forget your password , coz their system isn't easy as whatsapp when you forget your password on wtsapp .
can't view my moment image after update my wechat and can't update my moment also , please to fix it asap . thank .
cnt upload my own sticker .
occasionally crash . the app can't display the last character of every message i send ever after update to ver 6 . 2 . a really weird bug .
not function properly with most of bluetooth device like sony mbh20 . you cant hear the voice through bluetooth device when use video call . wechat team pls fix it .
it's lot of fun .
this be a cool app .
cool app .
very good .
its ok .
not so good for this update .
i want to update , how ,
hate this app .
if u be read this admin , make sure ur mind be fix . i be a use this since a couple year but i notice that my account have be hack to ur system . i can't log in into my account . no need to fix or update ur app . it's a waste of time .
urghh help me . i want to open my wechat account but i cant install it . please help me .
i love it .
every time i type my phone number it's give a pop up say that its invaild why i'm sure its right and i have never sign up with it .
hi , please update wechat that can change id for once because my friend be hard to find my id . i hope you can do so to make better wechat to user now . i will give you 5 star if you meet the wish of consumer . thank .
the moment picture sort be retard . not sure how they cod this , but it either bring to the wrong album or load the wrong photo sequence .
the bust way of contact .
could not download .
the overall update be nice and i love to mention on a post now . the sticker , however , do not work when i try to make them . i click on the image and it doesn't show up at all . please fix that . the sticker be the best part .
after the update , i cant see the photo and sight on moment even when i have a good internet connection . also , look at other people's profile picture be kinda blur even after it load . what happen .
this app never sign up just show please wait . but never sign up just regret download this app .
love it .
wtf . hahaha .
can't take v . call and can't tex .
have to be update as other application r in this application we can't get notify that our wechat frnd read our message r not or be he still use wechat application r not even people near by you can't see the message have be deliver and see or not . this be just blind faith application . kindly justify . use this application seem just wastage of time .
i keep on receive message at the wrong time pls fix this .
watch out with your wife . hahaha .
why . whan i want to send my location . it just in chinese subjective . not in english . why . stress .
it's really nice . , approve . ,
i have instal and uninstalled wechat for a couple of time into my phone and still cant log in . i have try install it use 3g and wifi , install the update wechat and i dont have any security app but it still keep display the picture boy look at earth . please fix this or tell me what to do .
i cant sign in whats wrong .
after download new version . all my moment photo cannot view . photo send or receive photo also cannot view . pls fix it .
why i can't install it i've try more than 10 time .
the app be get but why sometimes i can't receive new message even the place have wifi .
i can't hear voice note send by my friend .
after the update i could not send nor see image and video please fix this asap this be so annoy . it use to work well tho .
5 star .
nice but can't c near ppl .
south african .
i cant change user id please update . i want to change once only .
only way to keep up with my daughter while she visit china .
love it so much .
hope can downlond .
when i scroll down moment then i click the photo for large image , the moment go up . difficult for me to scroll down back .
no . it say 100 million download . and not everyone keep apps they download , so it's probably more like half a million user .
sorry to 1 star bcz in my location london and there be people show in the list near by me 20 km profile china how come be totaly stupid application . there be shake option lol when i shake every time male profile appear . even there be stupid people who be male but status show femail . how unprofesional apps .
i dont know why but i only find india japan taiwam frnd can u solve the problem so that i can find frnds in my country and 2nd when app be new its use to show multiple mobile shaker at a moment now its show only one kindly solve it .
good but not good 50 chance .
this shit be nice .
love it .
why my fon b pad cnt opn wechat it stop at earth . plz fix it as soon as possible .
i really love this apps . tns .
i can't believe this its make me crazy this be a good app make me feel jealous .
great apps .
thank from bring this .
must have this application on the go . convienent to use .
i want this .
chart with friend .
the best .
very good .
please make moment that can post gif sticker .
it's cool .
it work very quickly and safely . i love it .
i cant install this app .
now i can chat with my friend .
after update this app i cannot open it . it stay on the load page .
excellent piece of application .
love it .
u get only recharge sticker but udont get money .
i like this apps .
it be awhile , but still haven't fix it .
why could not show wechat login sign .
please make wechat can open 2 device at the same time please .
i like it .
love this app .
i like it .
good app , but the wallet feature be miss use latest version and locate in china . please help .
really enjoy this app but would love to use the wallet feature in english thank .
no limitation for sticker please max . 150 this be too less after update , all my history conversation be go and i can t even restore all the thing these have to be fix .
not good because consume a lot of battery . prevent stamen mode in xperia device . use xperia z2 .
very fine .
i keep get this message every other minute to allow to access my contact .
i cant download now the wechat .
update after my voice already change not same my voice .
love of my life .
love this app .
after the new update any of the picture won't download . even in chat or at my moment . please fix this . my friend be show her problem via picture and i can't download the picture . scroll the moment , and the picture still not appear . i've try fix my wifi and the connection be just okay . please fix this .
when i use the video chat now with the front face camera , my image be completely flip upside down no matter what i do .
after update , cannot use voice message , hope can fix it .
moment photo unable to show .
why im can not use the video call with wechat every try to video call they rejek . erm .
why i can't download this app i want use this app be fast .
doesn't receive message until i open the app sometimes . please fix sticker . some sticker just disappear and i have to reinstall them to get them back . fix everything i back up chat history , uninstalled , reinstall , load back up , and still have issue with get notification . add time stamp for message too .
i cant use it on samsung galaxy . help me to fix it . plz .
i love it .
only have a few problem .
i have problem with my wechat i have already update to the new version , but my handphone can't open this app this app run too heavy .
can't share my moment to fb n twitter together now .
best la . the apps .
after update i can't share photo to my friend . anyone can help .
in comunicate people far away by you .
slice down to capture pic be suck . hold button so long to take a pic . useless feature . and latest update add invite friend to wechat text at the bottom of chat window . that's suck . chinaman think .
can't load location data when gps be on and work on other apps .
i use to like it but after update my phone cant even open wechat . i use samsung galaxy . tell me how to fix this please .
it still have bug i can't add people n also can't refrsh my moment .
dont download it .
ugh no one can see you or your moment unless you friend them so innoying . i want people to see my moment but i really dont want to friend a thousand people you cant even see their comment on your friend moment . o .
, very nice easy to migrate from old to new phone . tencent keep it up .
whay i can't log with my number .
love the way it be . heheheh . thank you wechat team .
only asian on here .
why if use shake to find a friend . the only a pear be always the other country not my country hate it so much please fix it .
i update my wechat . to newer version . but now i couldnt find people nearby option in . discover tab . plz help me guy .
i've find my soulmate here 1 of the best app .
really , this wechat can help us to find the some new friend and girl boyfriend . be like wechat so much .
love it .
whats this non sense unable change the profile picture .
it's good .
ive just install this on my samsung y but it stick on the log in screen . please fix it as soon as possible tq .
top chat app .
vry useful app fr me .
foolishness i hate it . kmt .
i download it . try to open it . it stay stick on screen of person look at earth . i can not even make a profile i have plenty of memory available . one good point be this . you can move it to your sd card maybe it will work on my tablet .
pack file be invalid . how many year i wait before i log in . plz explain to me cuz im gonna be crazy .
the best application .
it good but to suck beacause cannot save image or vedio .
okay so wtf be wrong with this app i use it a lot bc my friend use this app load of time so the only way to communicate be this way . and i be in a group chat and suddenly my wechat account just shut off and all and now i can't find the group i need to be in the group to discuss homework and such this app be so freak annoy sometimes today , it lock me out of my account . luckily i know how to fix it . but this , y'all owe me this okay . pls tell me how to fix this . t .
very good app .
really love it . connect to the entire world .
nice aap this .
my wechat not work . why i have internet connection also still not load .
i'll rate it 5 star if it rotate . i love to type in landscape mode . thank .
can't log in .
you cause my history disappear suckk app .
why the wechat update , make me cant video call alrdy pls fix it .
good app .
awesome app .
difficult to sign up we chat .
this app be very best app and i be friend of this app .
now me and my friend niq can chat .
free chat call .
hi my wechat new update be not open why .
it very good .
when i install it will say errorilove wechat .
just upgrade android 5 . 1 . 1 and the wechat not stable , need restart phone to able listen to the voice .
we chat .
nice app .
when i scroll down moment then i click the photo for large image , the moment go up . difficult for me to scroll down back .
u give 250 rs for send sticker in group . and at the end give some faltu coupon which be of no use . and for citrus it be transact for 50 and get 50 cb . now u change this t c in middle . wechat be worst and most faltu app . wish i could rate it ive here .
because this app have 22 mb storage thar fir i want to give 1 star .
it doesn't work on my galaxy older version please fix it quickly .
very cool ap .
nothing . its to large app for my phone .
love this .
why i cant open at my phone . plezz fix it . before update . i can open it easily . now cant . whyy .
im use galaxy . on stock rom this app also fc . now im on cm11 still fc .
its gooded apple .
why wechat always problem sometimes it cant load . then i uninstall and install back . now it have a same problem .
i try to download it but i couldn't . its error no 491 .
say phone number be invalid and be not a valid wechat program . lock account . keep try to put me in canada . i'm southern part of usa .
lovely apps .
i will try this app .
i install my wechat , and then i use like normal , but when i want look moment it can't .
gud app but compare 2 whatsapp its nothing .
why i cant video call its so frustrate . new update be suck . i cant touch the icon . i really love wechat plez fix this .
i cant use video and voice call since i update the wechat . i use samsung note 2 .
i love wechat . but after the update . i can't change my cover photo anymore t please fix this .
always not respond .
access to wearable sensor really .
love it .
hat it .
every day us in app .
very nice .
best app .
hi there be anything you can see that the information contain within this email address and password .
after new update , bug fix no msg delay anymore .
the code that they give be not invaled n not suitable for this phone make people waste time .
so good .
the build in function be powerful .
unable to upload profile . worst app .
video which only last 30 second , cannot send , too bad .
show no result . other that this app be perfect o .
like it .
another app that use to good slowly ruin by the constant upgrade , add feature , and more and more bug .
how do i turn it back on .
since update , can't hear voice when i be video call . please quickly fix it . i'm use galaxy tab 4 .
create new account but its show invalid num what the fuck be this .
cannot change my profile pic . i try to uninstall , install it , clear data , clear cache but still cannot change my pic . hope next update fix it . other than that it's okay .
awesome app for communication .
it be unable to trace exact location .
since the most recent update when make call to people anywhere a message be display say network unstable . the person you be speak to also get the same message .
i love it really work .
please fix the bug , cant fully load photo , and the profile photo . thx .
its be half a year now im ask for help in this site on how to fix this problem , but no one use to help me on this . cannot receive call . it keep connect but they cannot accept it . my wifi be work properly . wth .
can you upgrade the sight period more longer .
good for voice call . but since yesterday i can't open we chat . i just uninstall .
i want to call my dad so bad and mom .
i love this app .
in newest update , it cause the app always force close and cannot on the app .
i still do not get timely notification unless i leave the app open , which be not ideal . please fix this .
why i dont want to update . but u push me to update . after i update , your new version give me problem . 2time i reinstall your app . but still same . i only can open in the man see the earth . stick . i try many time . still stick at there . please fix . sorry . your app very poor . plss .
if i send a message there be no any technology to see that my speaker have see my message pls provide this as u can see in what's app facebook tanto etc be have such but wechat app doesn't have .
help me . i instal this app . but i cant open it . why . pls help me .
it's really an awesome app love it .
i cant open why like this only the logo of we chat ang disappear . sametime open but must of the time close plz help me bec . i have important message to read . thank you .
like it .
can't even log in to my account verification procedure suck . verification page be not open at all . plz fix this issue .
on window phone need work can't hear each other on voice call at all .
the update version be awesome .
what i do now .
the most await app .
very good .
very good app . it cant save my credit phone and my money .
wechat have be a very effective communication tool , but it suck battery . close to 10 percent of battery use up by this one app everyday . something must be do to reduce that .
i be use asus zenfone2 and the feature above mention be not function well on my particular device . i be not sure about other zenfone2 user though . i hope tencent will figure out about this . please . tq .
nic app .
good app .
why i cannot use this app in new version last night i want to update this app . before update , its want me use a wifi wayerless to update . i dont have a wifi . i just use a mobile data for online and for update new version . then when im finish and open , this application be not respond . why how i can log in my wechat if its always not respond i hate this new version so much .
just the best chat app ever really .
very good experience .
doesn't work properly , very slow app unfortunately stop and also no reward be give and the reward of the phone be fake hate it .
this help me when i get ro china .
i love it .
nice one .
the best ever .
difficult to sign up we chat .
only receive notification when i open the app .
update why cant log in again .
it would be great if you change old like button to a new one . so it will be easy for everyone that use this app like their friend moment . im just suggest . sorry bad english .
gud app .
wechat out be totally fail .
i can't see photograph in moment , neither from my friend's album nor my own folder . it start after update .
waste of time .
what be go on here i have try for more than 50 time to create my account but it always say that my phone number be invalid . i have use this phone number in whatsapp also and it work but i dont know why it be say it invalid . wechat group please help me to gid rid of this problem and make my account there .
i like it .
the don't le me dowloadit never dowloadit it just take money .
im just want to change my wechat id , and send an email , n message to support wechat . get a reply , but still can't solve the problem . sigh .
i can hardly hear sound in video chat after update yesterday . please repair it .
hopefully wechat come out with more function in the future . an optional message read at . function should be add , and hopefully we will get the chance to save photo , and send free sms text message other than that , i have never bump into any crash or problem with the app . keep it go , wechat .
this thing suck .
so great .
i hate this app . can't even uninstall this thing .
i love very much wechat .
nice re frds .
after complain in yesterday version 6 . 2 , audio , video call some more option be not hide now . can work properly .
always in contact .
can be improve upon but ok for now .
great app .
excellent app .
i love it .
amaze how much i have experience .
why do you have to fix what wasn't break it use to work perfect . my girlfriend and i use to talk for hour . even while drive . now nothing . i hear every other word or nothing at all . fix please . we also keep get an unstable network error . ugh . fix please .
i have install wechat for three time but still i can't log in it just show the background image when we want to log in .
wechat be good but please make an update where we can write a lot more word on the whatsupp section and i will change it to 5 star .
it's nice . i can contact all my old friend from this app .
why the new update have no block option please fix this and i will rate 5 star for this app .
its superbly awesome .
very nice .
there be some prob . in shake .
love it so much .
really love it .
wtf . crappy . buggy . too slow . i be the only one on wechat . dear wechat team please launch an app call ichat . or change the app name from wechat to ichat .
i don't understand what's wrong with this app . before the update , it's just fine but after the update , it make me crazy cause when every time i want to open it . it keep apear the same thing . sorry , unfortunately wechat have stop . please fix this .
love it .
successfully instal but never connect me to main menu . only show globe .
can't sign up an account without phone number .
this apps ask for too many permission , these guy can do anything with your phone without ask you or steal information .
cool app .
good app .
love it .
very good .
love it .
i use wechat like , everytime and i love it . but till last week , i have to uninstall it bc some small thing . then when i install back , it's good when instal without any problem . the problem be when it finish instal , i can't open it . the moon and what be that people or whatever it be , stick on my screen for really long time . and i can't even open it until now . pls i need to use wechat and i love it . pls fix it for me . i use samsung galaxy .
great app .
it promise to give free recharge but it won't . fu k off man go to hell .
i think it be a decent place to chat .
its not to bad .
when i forget my password i can't find the way to go back .
when i open my account its say please reconnect your network then same time i openy whatsapp account its open why you be do like this and my be send me a voice msg then i can't hear properly but when they be send me in whatsapp i hear properly plz help guy .
can't change wallpaper . download many time still go . do know go where . shit .
i love this app .
i like to share my moment on this application . well it be so , fan .
after last update , it use up my battery even if i didn't actually use wechat .
to good quality of video call . then other apps .
i uninstalled it then install again then it wont work now fix it .
some of the picture be send after a couple of day and i be not able to see them again . the image only say unable to download .
nice and easy .
i just update and i cannot view the sight video . i think the new version could be better but its not . fix this please .
i like it .
the latest update why now i can't find my friend via their id search error always show .
nice you .
this app very good .
it's good .
i dont no this apps .
option fr delete acc will complete this app .
i like it .
delete or deactivate your account be impossible i have politely email their support team twice without any response whatsoever . a delete account function should be in place on an app like this when it be first develop . however , read their support team's generic reply to similar review it doesn't seem like they'll implement the function at all .
it's take 69 mb without chat msg .
good one .
i make lot of friend with this app . but now i cant start it . it get stick at the startup screen . i dont know what can i do .
i try to log in but it keep on state too many operation pls try later . it happen for the whole day . can you fix this please .
thank . wechat you be the best .
he jx highlight .
love it .
verry gud .
very good an service .
hope you will upgrade the video call .
why do not i be able to install wechat . please help me .
consume too much ram perform low . make system slow everyday . huge size compare to what's app . line and viber .
i try but not able to load nearby friend even if i have 4g network available , i try to clear location data check location tracker but in vain .
fantastic apps really .
not bad .
i'am use this application from long back and i enjoy use it but , after the last update i have nobody be able to hear my voice on voice call .
i change my number so decide to make a new account but it say that my number be invalid . need a solution .
peace n smile .
love it .
will see .
i can't open in the we chat . why .
when ever i use this app unfortunately close automatically . why .
why can't we delete our account someone might hack us and get our info please add a kill switch to delete our account and i will put five star .
this update cause all image in my phone cant be send or save any image from friend i only can send new capture image n those image capture in wechat be not save to phone too can technical team manage this problem asap it's annoy .
good app .
take long to download .
nice one .
connect daily life .
really like it .
hey guy i think this app be awesome .
after it update , all my sticker and emoticon cannot see . pls fix .
i wanna delete this account and make a new one with the same phone number but i dont seem to able to deactivate my account .
my mom love it .
can not load photo from previous version till now , please fix soon .
what happen to the video's call n even voice call i use wifi also problem . the other party can't hear my voice . pls fix it .
why my phone cannot open this app .
try to kick off a voice call with my frnd but the template of all the menu option be shift in one line so that i cannot grab the chance to click on voice call icon . my handset be sony experia z3 . please fix the bug asap . thank .
can't download the app .
a very big problem in yesterday version , audio , video call some more option be hide . can't work .
need speed download .
make me more fun during chat with my friend .
very interest message system . and very good way to communicate .
please delete my profile from this stupid app . i feel like i be alone in a whole country with this app . nobody see me , it's almost as if my profile be invisible to user nearby . worst be i cannot find delete account option . what an annoy app .
i like the update but i can't change my profile and cover pic which i want to . pls fix it .
i will love it .
it's really help me to chat with bestfriends .
to slow to send verification code try ten time till now i didn't get the get .
it's fine to me . fix n add more interest thing like sticker would be great . give u 5 star .
this app be good . i can post anything on it . thumb up for you .
good but slow .
im not able to sign up with my number . its keep on give this invalid number error as im easily use this number on other apps . please fix this .
nice app for chat .
why i cant recieve any notification after close the wechat i just can recieve ot after open the app tell me why .
cannot open . please fix it . and then i rate 5 star .
whenever i video call , it tell me that unstable connection , use voice call i dont know why this happen , it didn't happen before . it happen now . i can hear the voice of my friend whenever we video call but he she can't hear my voice . please help me .
new call don .
i just upgrade my wechat and when i open it , it stick at the image if a boy and the earth . tell me how to fix this . thank .
how come i cant use the voicecall option on this app now it have two page for the icon on the message box unlike before its on one page with two row for icon .
why every week update my memory full .
love it .
why my location cannot change english . pls update the location .
thank you for the quick reply , i be able to enable the feature . me setting general feature people nearby .
be it free .
i can't open my wechat account .
best communication application ever .
i couldnt open my account . i already uninstall it and i install it again . but until now i couldnt make it login into my account . cn u plz check it . asap .
very good .
i love it . it's simply the best .
like this app . its gouod app . but want some facility because this app require more data .
unable to . video call and voice call . totally like fuck up . the icon can't be hold .
love it .
well it work perfectly earlier n after an update now i be unable to change my profile pic , i try several dozen time n all it say unable to upload profile photo pls fix .
it's awesome .
use this app to connect to friend from china work without any problem .
its fun .
not bad .
very nice .
love it .
when i update now new feature . the problem i cant click video call voice call . much better before than now . now be ok . i can click now video call . thank .
i can't open my acc . please fix this .
now the photo in my moment and in my chat can't he view and it say photo cannot he download . please do something about this .
it doesn't have online offline function . if the message be deliver and see or read . plus send picture be limit to 10 only . some apps can send picture more than 10 . and most important last see . very important . it's far behind app . whatsapp be much better .
like it .
after update , can't not view sight , can't not send and accept voice message .
very nice .
good but please update for i'd change .
i like this app .
unable to download or send image even if wifi connection be excellent but chat be work .
hi love wechat nice to make new friend here . my wechat id be acmi07 .
nice app .
i cant open when i update the new vision and when i uninstall it . it take long time to open it or cant open .
can't open by click notification any more .
good application for free reward .
better timepass from other social apps .
after update 6 . 2 . 2 version , app auto close when click someone's message , also photo and message be unable to full view in the favorite folder . i've try the hard way reset my phone , but still get the same thing happen . i don't want to uninstall then reinstall this app becuase i'll be miss my unread message . please advise on how to fix this issue . thank in advance , wechat .
we chat easy software balance free milega .
its good but how do we talk face to face on the phone .
wechat be better than whatsapp , line . feature be nearly the same but it's quicker than any other . walkie talkie be too good for me . send voice message be fast . keep research some new feature and keep up the good work .
very good app but . it's very slow .
i love it .
love it .
there should be addition of new feature like online friend must be show .
i like this app , thank toy wechat .
why i can't install it say error download .
my chat there be the plus button when i press . it will show share name card and some other thing but in my phone note2 show 1 bar straight , my friend phone be 2 bar .
wechat could not be download what be this erghh .
i like it .
good app .
better than facebook .
after update to new version , dont have delete button anymore . please fix it . thank .
great app allow me to txt people around the world without have to use a translation app . much appreciate .
day by day increase population so friend also increase day by day .
there be a bug in wechat . i try to tag my friend in a group chat but after i choose his name after enter , it will automatically go back to the homepage with the chat show draft please fix it thx .
i love it because we can s see be people and family .
good app .
why on galaxy and galaxy duo cant open wechat it be ok before
really nice .
good apps but it take a lot space .
make us know that friend be in online or offline . thats gonna be better .
there be people from different corner of world be display in my shake list please mark this issue and help me with this so that i can find people near to me and also please help me delete my wechat id i must say this app be good but some option be really annoy .
well worth it , easy to use .
nice app .
can't open by click notification any more .
very good app for chat .
i lov this app .
it's ok .
love it .
this version have bug . it doesn't show image in album of myself or my contact , just show word i mean i can't see post that be picture . even i can't share picture while chat with a friend in chat box . please solve these problem soon .
this version have bug . it doesn't show image in album of myself or my contact , just show word i mean i can't see post that be picture . even i can't send picture while chat with a friend in chat box . please solve these problem soon .
i can use wechat on mah phn htc wildefire s .
very nice .
its not bad for video call .
this help mi alotd thank .
its gud app but make a update include a option that person look for m or f or both so on shack unwanted reaults not come .
amaze app .
very nice .
great app .
new version not able to open now . its stick on the boy with moon .
wechat isnt respond always one day 5 to 10 time already update .
i love you .
i love it and i can chat with my friend .
this app be very limit . many thing should be update . there definitely need to be a way to see who be online , etc . also , any post regardless i comment or not should be possible to be delete . there be also no way to see how many people like the picture outside of your contact .
take too much space on my phone and i can't even down load crossyroad or white tile four .
very good .
i like wc but it cannot change the id .
why i cannot open my wechat what the fish .
love it .
people nearby can t find me , wht problem .
love it .
good app .
great app .
i wonder where the clear moment button be but i can't find it . i also google on how to do it but pointless , i can't find it anywhere except lot of post question about it everywhere in forum . even if its only a clear multiple post moment button be create , it would be very helpful for anyone who want to delete their unwanted post without have to click it one by one to delete it which take too much time to do it . please make one for wechat .
i can't download this app . its always say my phone insufficient memory . but i just have restore my phone in 5 time .
i wonder if you can make it like i can see whether someone be online or not . other than that , we chat be really good for communication .
i love this app this be very good app .
overall i really like it . couple of suggestion 1 . the previous version allow to increase the font size to extra large . this be very useful for those who have vision problem . the new version only allow font size to be large . it's nice to have err extra large . 2 . it would be nice to keep the chat in my account even if i get a new phone or if my phone need a factory reset instead of delete automatically . please consider implement the suggestion .
thank for your suggestion . i love wechat .
love it .
totally wow , how would an earth make an app the require ur info and do not have an option to delete it .
unstable network .
good job .
why i can't open up my wc anymore after update this new version please fix it as soon as possible help me t . t .
connect the worl .
why we chat out doesn't support in india .
shake not work . plz fix it why .
i cant open my wechat . please help .
nice and comfortable to use .
do wechat problem rite now , cause my connection be good , but , i cannot chat and uptodate my moment . answer pls .
too many time i download and uninstall back . kinda shitty problem . please fix it .
when i format my fone data . and i download this app it wont me to log in . please fix it .
i just install it into my phone samsung y and cant log in . i have be wait for a long time and it keep display the picture boy look at earth . please fix this or tell me what to do .
why be it only moon whats happen with this app its get worst .
i love this app .
i love .
good app .
what happen to the video's call n even voice call i use wifi also problem . the other party can't hear my voice . pls fix it .
very good dear .
it be ok .
i wish wechat could make select moment to delete or delete all moment .
why i use shake to find friend . it just give me one friend . anyone know how to fix it .
its not good anymore after last update i can't make video call . any one can help pls .
what the fuck we chat .
i love use this but i recommend to put more smaller word if you can thank you .
i will have send you the best like the idea that email can you please tell me know what you .
dont download the app bcz there be no log in sign in option just if u download its waste of u net data help me wechat team so that i can see log in sign in optipn if u can . i give 1 star its not work its poor app no log in sign in optipn i can just see white blank just it .
good app .
i love it .
after the last 2 update , wechat stop work . can't login . it's just now allow itself to open . some serious problem when it's be update . once again wechat stop work . please help us solve the problem .
it doesn't work . i be all alone in this app . nobody see me . i be new here in wechat with my new samsung s6 edge . what could be the problem please help . people nearby doesn't seem to show me to other people nearby .
after the app be instal and open the begin screen login signup be not show . it show only earth background . please fix this bug as soon as possible kindly reply soon i need to use wechat . whats the problem .
1 . android material design 2 . multi device login 3 . desktop app improve . 3 . inconvenience switch account .
it connect all people from all part of the world .
give satisfaction much more .
this apps be good .
i love wechat .
i think my greet message not arrive to other . what can i do for fix it .
unstable network . switch to voice call . why i get this message everytime . i don't have a problem with my wifi . speed be good . so what's the problem help .
location id be weak .
also need optimize for 2k screen , and stop use stupid ios ui , please .
my wechat account pakskynet and not work the shake feature , wehn i shake result not find try again .
i cant start wechat . when it on moon load , then it crash . i use lolipop .
why i can't install it when i install it say error . i really want my wechat acc back please fix it .
i hope there be a feature to delete our own account .
i love wechat .
super app .
however how long i've wait for the app to load it will never work , already try to uninstall and instal it back again after that the same shit happen . please fix it cause i love wechat so much .
why i can't refresh moment and receive friend's message a few day after i install it .
seriously . it's more colourfull than whatsapp .
i can't login to my wechat . pls fix , then i'll rate 5 .
so good .
nice app .
you be very helpful great to have lot of friend .
when log in from android , wechat do not display the chat we be currently in . on apple device , the chat will show up as soon as we have log in . please fix this issue . in addition please consider include chat history when log in . theme for the app would also be greatly appreciate .
i'm love it we chat .
my pic become blur every time after a few day i post it on wechat's moment .
it be very fast in messeging .
this be very usefull apps .
fix it . i can't log in but only stick at the boy stand on earth .
its good but not that good .
like it .
can you create a theme it make people not bore with wechat . i give u five star . please make theme .
love it .
4 now it still ok .
i hope the next update could extend the sight record up to 10seconds . keep it up the good work . thank you .
sometimes when i click the plus icon , the function appear in only two section , so when you want video , you click the second dot , but then it do not show up , since its in the midden , same hold for other function in the middle .
im go to hate this app because how many time already im install then uninstall back this app . i can't log in my acc . pls fix this problem .
why do you log me out it take forever to log me back in , keep have to resign up , very annoy . please fix this issue .
we chat .
the new update can't make me do a video call through the list i have a note 3 . somthing wrong with the pop up list , fix it please .
ram play an important role in ur phone . do u know it consume 40 mb off space in ram .
update august 6 , 2015 since yesterday till now the wi fi disconnect when this app be use this be good before without issue on the wifi . you be wise wechat company everything be slow now . from send to nearby . wifi be very strong but disconnect when use the app . i will delete this app if there be delete button yet i have to send an email . why email when not all sign in with email . full of miss feature just so we costumer stay with you .
what be this .
love it .
i'm in love with this app .
very poor connection .
not bad .
fun to be with .
very good appz i love it much .
hello i love this app it be like a bast app in my phone .
good very good .
suddenly it show log in session time out , i try to log in so many time . its failure . please help me on this .
it connect me with great friend go be in need of them .
there be two problem , i wish it have deactivate feature like other social network . second , you guy should add an option to record sight with front face camera . other than that , it keep improve . honest user .
i love it . i can find a new friend with their id .
love it .
can u have to make we chat lite , like fb lite .
dis be da worst app i have ever see . it take too much time to open and while we open it one stupid boy will be stand below the earth . due to dis bloody app my mobile be get strucked . if der be any minus rat i would have give it minus 5 . its highly recommend to each and everyone of you not to install dis bloody app .
i would say this be good app thank .
i love it .
but the space be so big .
why be the shake location be not right .
do people still use this shit .
please we need more animation sticker . preferably one piece .
app be actually good . but ui matter a lot to me .
seem odd . it ring and i pay for it . delete area code invalid . delete initial digit invalid . and why do location default to isle of man not the biggest uk region .
very nice .
how i wish i can open my account again .
now its take more time to login plz solve .
haha , please .
best video chat app .
i cannot video call with my friend and parent pls fast service .
i like but no video chat be take in the we chat mt mobile be 3g but no video chat take .
not update bot good how i use video call after update .
please do fix it .
all lee man a akdammaii .
i like this app very much . but use it everyday , it become irritate to look at that boy on earth logo for a moment before finally be able to use it directly . a snappier app would make thing easier , thank .
really good bout feature but should b have facility to forward voice note from chat . try to make available delete account option .
superb app .
wechat cannot to . open . i . alredy uninstalled n do bck .
love it .
after reset phone i lose everything all my chat have go i think that you should store chat on your server .
this version too bad .
after the app be instal and open the begin screen login signup be not show . it show only earth background . please fix this bug as soon as possible .
be good .
i can not invite mobile contact instead i can only see the one that re in my wechat contact list .
emotion aren't good enough like what's app . another problem be that sender never know whether the message be see or not .
love it .
nice app .
first we reward be the best for recharge and this current reward be fake .
i can't search people i want , the feedback for me they don't exist .
i love it .
my wechat always hang with a new version .
awesome app .
not bad .
best app .
i love this app .
i would like to say this app be good but please make this app like whatsapp for see who be in online and offline . this be not a copy cat but it will useful for me because i be use wechat talk to my friend and family and also create some new design because i be so bore with see this old deisgn .
update be for better apps or better service . but now wc update become worst . cant open my wechat .
i love it but i've delete the app and now that i'm try to install it again , it say fail to download wechat because of some default error help .
use too much space over time .
i havend see a nice app like this .
why cant i open wc . always stick at earth pic . fyi , i format my hp last month . now after reinstall wc , stick at earth pic . and the data download show only 8 . 9mb instead of the usual 30mb . whats go on .
this new update make voice and video call go , pleasee fix it .
hii use this app since last year but today after uninstalling it iam not able to install it again coz it show unknown error code during application install 24 what it mean what i should do now to install it again .
how can i change my wechat id .
love it .
the rock star .
love it .
i be a man who have the price . i have a think about it . the comment . i have be publish . i have a great time in my opinion be that i have a look at the end of a new one by a team . i be just a little bite more about this . i be u can get involve .
its great .
my we chat can't open . it's make me angry .
love it .
why i cant open my wechat this be sks .
not bad .
hope that i'll not log out by itself .
i like it .
before this i can open my wechat account . but now i can't open my wechat account .
i wish in the next update this feature will be add that there must not be limitation on shake and bottle search .
very nic software but my accunt not suport next account ok .
i try 3 time but it can't install to my phone .
i have wechat and delete it because of space . now , i ha e ton of room on my phone so decide to download it again and all it do be sit on the load up earth screen note to devs i be on wifi , have no security apps instal and download the version that be here , so .
unstable network and when i voice call somebody over and over again , it activate my speaker and bug my tablet , even if i have headphone connect , i can hear sound from the speaker after use wechat . so i uninstalled this app . alo in call , people can hear the person at the end of the line through the speaker . fix this bug privacy ruin .
i dislike wechat because of shake service sometimes it be work some time it make disappoint i could not enjoy it .
why i can't open it . the only moon it show .
seriously . why be there no delete account please add a delete account .
why my phone go to chinese character in lication map be it because im usinh china phne .
it's not work as it use to it take hour to send a message please improve .
great and love it .
why i cant see my friend's likers its not fair i want to see . please fix it .
its awesome but some time video be not clear .
i do like this app when its run fine . but i start to hate it when its stop run . i need to uninstall then install it back . i keep do it again and again for a million time . please solve this shit asap .
line here too slow .
wow what a app .
i wish wechat do have a delete account button so that i could comfortably delete the old account without abandon it and make a new wechat accout . please do make it exist .
guy this app be horribleit dont work , go try whatsapp . jk wechat u guy be awesome and be way betterthan whatsapp . im just do this to get attention .
love it .
we chat a very messenger all over the world .
this be a best aap but one problem r .
not bad .
can have the system to change font thks .
just love it .
when i update finish , can't use voice to talk , the voice send to ppl be no sound .
share location will become chinese word .
one of the best apps here in android . keep it up .
i can't seem to use the voice message since last night . pls fix this immediately .
always can't open , need to uninstall that install back what the .
everyone should try this app .
i want wechat have a bluetick like whatsapp .
i hate it . friend radar be not work . people nearby option be also not help . and too slow . every time get stop . finally i'm uninstalling this app . it be really a bad experience .
won't let me open app i give it one star , it should be 0 .
i be unable to use my video call and voice call as well due to update .
prompt notification and sound alert even when phone get switch into priority mode and that be really annoy , what's the matter with this app please fix it .
why i dont have the lucky money and transfer money section .
love it .
i can't see any friend radar in my lenovo a560 . its only people nearby and shake only . please fix this .
wechat support be too lazy and not friendly .
latest version be awesome . the moment now be include location and mention . not only in photo . i love it .
but it should be ubdated .
my qq account be hack and i be unable to reset the password because i do not have a china mobile phone number . i send an email ask for help several week ago but until now , still no response .
before this i can open my wechat account . but now i can't open my wechat account .
love it i'm on it everyday .
i love it .
the other party cannot hear my voice . fix it . i m use galaxy s6 edge .
whatever i download picture from my friend post moment . when i check on gallery its not there . since latest update it still not there whatever i try download . please fix it .
how about make it have some choice for theme .
i love this app it's amaze .
hii use wechat since 1 year but after uninstalling i can't install it again on my tab it show unknown error code during application install 24 what do it mean what i should do know .
very good .
great app . p .
very good application .
there be no account delete option . and poor video call process too . kindly update .
love it .
we chat suck now . i can't make voice or video call use my oneplus one . please fix it asap . i be take your rat to one star till its not solve .
but can't send message to the people who aren't friend . and sticker must be free . by the way great app .
after the last 2 update , wechat stop work . can't login . it's just now allow itself to open . some serious problem when it's be update .
the rest be good . if it have a better way to keep chat history , i d give 4 .
i have download we chat on micromax canvas a1 . look around option be not present .
i have wechat and delete it because of space . now , i ha e ton of room on my phone so decide to download it again and all it do be sit on the load up earth screen .
feel good in experience this .
like it .
shittiest app i've ever use . i hope facebook run you out of business and rub your stupid face in the dirt .
excellent app .
i can't open wechat after update new version . please help me .
this app be very best app .
why i cant update to 6 . 2 . 4 .
very nice .
why my wechat do not have lucky money wallet .
like it .
i like it .
i love it very much . it's perfect . thank you .
in video call voice be not clear plz help .
after new update . my wechat unfortunately have stop .
sometimes it work so bad like we have to push up .
best chat ever .
my chat be not update consistently and i didn't receive regular notification for message , even after multiple attempt to tinker with the setting both in the app and on my phone sony xperia z1 . even open up the app and wait doesn't guarantee my message get update . really disappoint with the app . telegram , whatsapp , line and kik be so much better , more reliable and have slicker design . uninstalled and never instal again .
wechat have amaze shake feature which connect u to another person . i find my love on wechat . no bug till yet . improve call nd video chat plz .
the wallet feature be go in the last update .
to good .
love it .
i give 3 cause some of people that use wechat be not totaly badb badinfluence .
for an old version .
when i clear all my data then i install wechat back . it stick on the moon .
there be absolutely no optimization in here and the launch time be forever increase with every new version . also for the ui , why not use the android standard it simply make me feel the developer be not pay attention to android system when i see an ios interface just move onto android client without a slightest change .
hi be new in this chat thing and i would like to learn more about it .
i be from kazakhstan , we have number telephone which start 7747 . when i use this number for sign up i receive error and it say that invalid number telephone , what can i do .
cant unlink with qq .
add long sight video please . p .
wechat be my favourite app before . but after the latest update . i cant load any picture either in chat or moment .
can't download this app .
i love it .
ever since i update it . whenever i videocall network unstable always pop out .
what be this bull shit . i can't change my profile picture even after update my wechat . i don't know what the hell be wrong . i really love we chat . so please fix it soon . i m have this problem since one month . i think that update must solve this problem but no . nthng hpned . i m really feed up . please wechat . please give me a solution for this problem what be wrong with this . please fix it or help me .
like it .
i love this apps .
love it , very useful only the video feature have some issue other party can't her you but i'm hop they will resolve it . thank .
i can use the video call with my friend .
i love wechat .
i love it .
video call not work in dubai .
nice . i enjoy very much . thank .
wow its a amaze app for chat .
please fix it want to use the wechat but it always out to the gallery .
i use to be able to see multiple people on shake , like a list of them , can i still do that now and how .
nice design but connectivity be awful compare to whatsapp and i need to keep reinstall to correct block on message send . there must be bug galore in this . constant , constant , inability to send message . edit all previous bug have fly . great app .
what happen after my kill task , msg cant come in . must when i open msg just come .
i want to talk to my friend but it keep say sussed but the message cannot accept .
be lovely one n gud app .
after i update this app i cant use it . it stay on the startup image about the blue moon ughh . ive wait for 5 minute and its still the picture . somebody help . im still stucked even if i change to 3g .
one of my favourite message apps . but the constant difference in feature between western and chinese user be why this will never be a global contender to whatsapp etc .
network problem .
i love we chat so please .
very good app .
sometime it will download fail .
very good love wechat ever . but can u show it that someone be online or not can u .
app be not open after updation . i m not able to use wechat . wat should i do .
hi wechat team , there be a problem of wechat . i can't change my wechat name and my name be not long at all . please fix it as fast as you can .
really awesome app usefull and easy user friendly should try it once .
it dosent let me sign in because i'm a american .
it be d best app i use till now . but wht have u do guy . i would have give 5stars . but frm past 9mnths i be nt able to search send a mail also . plzz tell d reason . or if dr be ny setngss issue .
i like this aap . becz the free call , free chat , video , download etc , i want to say this be one of great app .
, . old and the latest wechat this still same i see lah , . but ok2 lah just for rate rat and feedback this app .
i like it but i cant get to on my wechat . it get stick on the earth wallpaper and thats it . ive wait for hour but still not function .
consume more data , and lag in video and audio chat . need improvement immediately .
im unable to open my wechat app after upgrade it . now i try to install the old version .
i'm so happy to use this application and i can call my family in perlis malaysia anytime anyway .
always hang and have to reinstall the apps all over again frequently .
v good .
we couldn't change that country and people once enter wrongly . please fix it .
wechat , the best .
its cannot use for samsung galacy young phone .
how to identify when friend be in online .
after i update , i can't open my wechat . after that , i format my phone and then . install again but still i can't open my wechat . any solution please fix it . for samsung galaxy pocket .
after my cel get crash , i couldn't download it . what should i do , please advise otherwise it be pretty good .
i like wechat .
not bad .
im use my wifi and data but it doesn't come out even im try other wifi . please fix this immediatly .
just i instal this app but still i be not sign up due to n i not yet receive verification code plz help .
why my wechat like no connection no new message but my internet be ok can other apps but why wechat like this .
i m not get my download reward please check nd reward me admin .
the message remain unread if you already read it and this new update be worst and most unstable .
after the use i may know . so far o . k .
i cant log in my account . what the problem . i have 3 time install and unistall back . but . still same .
this wechat very the best . i love it .
i really2 lve this . cuz we can read bout our friend moment we can share bout our life with everyone in this site .
push notification only work over wifi . kind of inconvenient .
not show search nearby option in my galaxy grand 2 .
what happen to my wechat can't use all .
very good .
its usefull app for every one .
if i already delete my chat that i send it to other , but i still need to find back my old chat . where i can find it .
you cheat us , you say that we will get free mobile recharge but in redeem there be no option for that , just only offer . this time also for august you be say mobile recharge . just a cheater . and about other stuff that our awesome . i love this app with its feature .
cool app .
i cannot video call my frens bcoz it wont allow me to tap on video call . the whole row of video call voice call etc be move around n not stationary .
great app .
it work better for me .
please make a theme for this app .
wechat be a fun app . but apple ipads cannot use sight .
i dont get new sticker . frust with the new update . its be 6month n i dont get any new sticker .
good all round chat app .
help knowig people too easily .
very useful app for user of china's app and social ecosystem . many feature . game galore poor connectivity in indonesia . doesn't support multiple simultaneous client for the same account .
please whats happen .
what happen to the sight on moment no sound . if u fix it im sure i give 5star . tq .
usually i can open it , today i can't open it since last night .
nun of them eplies so many fake people here .
show error 194 . what do that mean .
why we cannot back up and restore our chat for this version . i have do back up my chat when i use version 6 . 0 . then i clear data and its normal when all conversation be miss . after that , i update my wechat to the new version 6 . 2 . and i feel so sad because i can't restore my old conversation
love it .
now i can't video chat on note 3 .
hmm good .
i update new version then why location come out with chinese language please fix it .
i ll not give 5 till not fix prob vc lst few dayz vc not work .
stick at load screen after update . your solution didn't work . still stick with load . really love it u know . miss wechat please fix it .
we always chat with new friend .
i really like the video call alot and its very useful for me because i be not good at type so i can do an audio .
love it .
should add some option that can customize layout . make this app much better pls . its awful .
thank again for your business and management of health and safety of a .
please fix sight front camera .
love it .
fast reply me . i can't use people nearby . infinite load location . asap .
it won't let me out of the first screen .
cant download fuck .
i redownled it bt it cant open .
no delete account option in setting pl update this all app in world have delete option but ur app have no option bad intension .
it's get more and more function and feature i don't need and it's slow down the app performance . not everyone have upgrade to android 5 yet .
what happen to the video's call i use wifi also problem . the other party can't hear my voice . pls fix it .
i hv my fast internet connection . i want to update my wechat to newer version . i do update it but it's keep say error download whenever the download at 20 mb something . i've have retry it for several time , bt it wont work .
voice can't be hear by the receiver .
easy job .
there be no option to delete the account . will you tell me how i can delete my account because i be have 3 we chat account d .
keep on stick at the load page . the moon . pls fix this a . s . a . p i've do wht you ask me to do but still the same come on . i need my wcht back .
but i could not opn while i try a lot .
love it .
, anytime when i open my we chat , its get me out and at home .
please fix it as soon as possible .
stick when open wechat .
voice message must be save in mp3 format and it need feature that voice message can be forward too . have a lot of hard time search for an app that can download voicemail . wechare app doesnt give that choice too .
very interest .
i be really like to use this app cause it's be very easy and simple i luvh it .
like it .
unable to download the application please fix it for me .
aside from the fact that wechat suddenly log me out after 2 year for no reason would not let me request a new password thus make me lose contact with all my friend in china who do not have access to facebook , i love this app . sadly , it be impossible to log back in if you forget you password . the process to receive a new password doesn't work if you aren't a chinese citizen . if this have happen to anyone else you be able to log back in , share you secret as the support team hasn't respond .
it's too hard to tap video call .
i cant make a new acc use my old num .
after i update to the lastest version , all i see be a man stand by the moon . there be no log in or sign up . i really need this app to keep in touch with other people . please fix this as soon as possible .
the location often off . let it send msg like whatsapp . so hard when i hit send sometimes it aint .
good app .
its always show me the moon when im wanna open it and nothing change . how to fix it .
really good software .
as an international product , ui design should not meet the prevail standard andrew as be the internationally renowned im , why whatsapp and line can do it .
i have not even use it to chat . i cant even . the next day i be ban . i be uninstalling it now .
whithout we chat i be out .
why i can't forward voice message . i want to send the same voice message for more than one friend . i wish you support it in the next release . thank .
why i cant write my moment use my second phone .
download problem .
app get bigger and bigger alone use . can't clean . tencent team reply me with sln , but it didnt stay . can you send me again .
we chat .
it dissorve only one star .
i cant open my wechat . when i try to open it . the log in sign be not there . so please fix it . if i can open it i give you 5 star . sorry for my bad english summary .
every time i try to open it . it won't open . please fix this problem .
you can share ur moment with ur friend and its a jolyful moment i hope everybody instaall wechat and every body must install it .
hi like to know about this one whatever it be after use only come to know .
original font will be use in wechat after i have change my phone font .
cannot log in anyway . what happen to wechat man .
everytime update also get problem .
please sort out people nearby it do not allow people to see me other then that all be perfect .
some of sticker cannot help .
some problem while login .
this be best app .
sticker send successful but when i check my blance not do . please fix bug .
nice app to make new friend .
button for video call and voice call be not accessible .
why can't download back .
i can't instal my wechat .
its like what's up but not use phone number .
me install frst time just use two time after me use becous not work then i make new now i ceant use in mu wechat .
install it for the first time on my phone . and it end up stick at the moon when i open this app . pls fix this . thx .
think it be ok , until it stop let me on . when i try to get on it , it say error you be on an unprotected site . so then it make me confirm my detail but wouldn't let me have the same phone number , so what be i mean to use .
it's unbelievable .
my shake be not work . when i shake it buffer again and again but at last no result .
as describe title . can i uninstall and reinstall the app will it lose my info .
this be the most best application in the world comment by mr . shark slumber vip of marijuana crew malaysia .
to show online status .
i love it .
its be too innovate and be continue in innovation .
i restore my smartphone , then forget my wechat password , but now can't reset it again , fu g app .
very beautiful .
i feel lucky for this app .
there get difference if you want to block someone or you can just hide their annoy moment . awesome app . can chat and share simple moment to everyone or certain someone only . recommend it to friend .
why use bottom tab i have to be super careful when click the bottom area . and it's kill my smartwatch3's battery , i have to uninstall it .
when someone send message to me , most of the time my message will be delay receive . also that talk time for voice message its too short , only one minute talk time . not only that , please upgrade the message status to let user know that whether receiver have receive the message or have read the message or not .
i stay out too late , get nothing in my brain .
my account get block every time and it cant be recover with the same number from which the account have be create .
nice app .
simply the best .
there be no people nearby option in my mobile .
why can't install .
i need to open the app first then the new message arrive .
love the app .
i dont have friend radar or people nearby . upload it 2 time now .
too sad . it doest work the video call now here in uae .
i love to share music . but when i wanna sight to share at moment . the music auto stop . why please fix to the best .
why haven't htc user get the wechat step count feature yet participate and download pacer but nothing show up and i'm still at the bottom of the rank system .
app get bigger and bigger alone use . can't clean .
still there's no report for message already deliver or not .
it's ridiculous that you can't delete your account . will not be re instal ever again .
i love it .
cool app . viber , imo , all in one .
how to open the camera wechat .
what's go on here after the latest update i can't see all the sticker but when i check my gallery it be still under download status .
thanx n pliz give the good service my dear .
i unable to access my wechat since 22 7 15 , what be the problem all the while be ok n good , but now i totally cannot view anything . until today still no people from your team that response to my problem . pls help i need it badly all the while be good , pls solve this and i will give you five star .
lose all my chat . just wouldn't log in and now have to start all over fkn pain .
hi tencent in the next update could u guy apply a id change for once . tq then i rate full star .
very good .
not bad .
it's good .
good app .
why the surround nearby cannot deteched able to fix it .
always get a network problem issue on samsung note 4 and my wife can't hear me please fix quickly .
since the new update the app keep on suggest me to switch to voice call while im on videocall because of weak connection . and it auto switch at time . i rat 5star before because i dont have any issue with it . whatever my connection status be , its still upto me if i will hang up or switch to voice . not the app will decide for me . can u add a feature where we can forward a voice message thankyou .
love it .
my previous what's up greet be still show up even though i've change it .
nice apps .
be well intrested .
can not download .
the rest be good . if it have a better way to keep chat history , i d give 5 .
stick on that moon start interface . new update be very crap .
will be back to give update on rat .
so good .
after update , the nearby and shake function could not work . i can't reply message at that section also .
uninstalling because of too many annoy ads with notification .
lovely chat .
i like d translation of many language around world on this application .
i love we chat .
alway not resposding .
hi , why when i want to play wechat and my device be so slow lag .
hi , now the new update feature be very good i love it . but there be not so good a place that they can't share a voice on chat , i hope to have this feature . i wish to have in the next new update thank you very much .
best way to connect .
my friend face profile be all go . please fix that . and any bug .
just ok .
i still can't sign in on wechat it tell me incorrect password do somtin guyz .
hope it would be more flexible in other country esp . in philippine . so that i can easily communicate my family . thank .
not able to install wechat app , get application installation error 506 . not able to access the provide url . i have update the feedback on give url but still issue not resolve . i be still face this issue . please do not give same response and provide some fix for this error .
like way contact each to other .
why you not make the account delete feature in the app .
why its always error when im download it very disappoint i really love dis apps . every time i download it , it keep say error .
. but please add what im listen what im watch n where be i now . its like check in . that would be more excite .
great app until it do a update now can't video call freinds .
in people nearby all the time it show unable to load location data . fix it as soon as possible .
its will perfect if i can see last see like whatsapp app .
why be some of the sticker didnt appear in my sticker list i've download the sticker but somehow there be one or two sticker miss from the gallery .
1 . how to activate wechat out function i have two device , i can use this function on the first one , but i can not find it on my nexus 5 2 . for the device i activate , i can only make call and hear the voice from them , but they can not hear any thing from me . please help to fix it .
i love this apps .
this be not work properly , i can't even make call include video call .
i want this apps more interest .
v good .
why voice msg can't use .
my problem be after i touch sign up the app say too many operation . try again later
for chat good .
only for video call .
the worst app ever . they offer to send sticker in a group to get rs . 250 in our account , to redeem it into recharge finally , . i send sticker every day also get rs . 50 as gift , so my free balance become 300 at the end . but at last they didn't show any redeem offer for recharge our free balance , instead offer some worst , useless coupouns which be worth for nothing . i lose all 300 free balance . i report many time but no response from them .
not bad its a awesome apps .
like the apps so much but after update can't use anymore keep turn off , then i try to uninstall , when i wan to install be not work . can't install it . pls help .
very good .
bring the call feature back i love it so much .
can't log in .
love it bye .
my qq account be hack and i be unable to reset the password because i do not have a china mobile phone number . i send an email ask for help several week ago but until now , still no response .
what the hell after update have problem .
something wrong area how do remove others country .
why my wechat unable dowload the full image .
this be a great app no complaint but could you please make it possible that when i block a contact who have my number that they arnt able to view my profile picture or status . i have a stalker .
i cant log in my account . this stick at logo . im fix but doesnt cant play .
god app .
love it .
fix bug please .
i receive the notification late by few hour . i do follow what the help and feedback instruction , but it be still have the issue . please fix this .
but i hope have a little update on moment .
i hope the sight can have front camera .
wechat be awsome because we can chat with other fren .
when i wipe my fone data . and i download this app it wont me to log in . please fix it .
download kiya h two time 90 hoke error ho jata h it's really bad .
why there a lot of porn .
i like wechat .
like it .
this be one of the best app i ever enjoy use .
love it .
nice sosial chat .
it be will be great if i can apply theme , like black ui , green text and many more .
good i m use ths app frm lng time its easy to log in or out no cmplnt .
nah be serious now , this be a great app not hard to use able to send photo and video which be my main reason why i instal we chat . yes it's fantastic and hassle free .
use this often to keep in touch with family . easy to use and handy function .
i like this but girl very beautiful .
really useful .
currently use samsung note4 . why be the share location prompt be in chinese character previous be ok in english .
its a good time pass thing but there be other social medium app better than this .
love it .
i like the old version wechat , can see moment without secreat .
i hate fake app we chat team say 150 recharge but that one fake pay 50 get 50 cashback that be normal offer .
kindly resolve the problem of various contact get same profile pic wen i search people near by .
this app be good but i wish i can upload video too not that sight only if i send video via pm must not exceed to 2mb something . too bad .
i try uninstalling and instal the app and restart my phone it keep go to a black screen plus fix .
i love this app .
so make it eco friendly app . bring more feature for next version .
for no reason .
love this app .
omg what kind of update be this its stop work on my lg g2 now .
i love to use we chat muhma fordz apps .
after the latest update , i have not be able to my new contact at all . it keep prompt unable to add . please rectify this issue many thank .
great but should hve more provement for the sight . its to shorten time .
i like this app .
be you kid me . this application have no account delete option . i do a google search and i find that i have to send them email to delete my account . this be really lame trick .
i cant use for call abymore .
but now it have crackle audio during call even when my fiance be completely alone in his apartment . the video be so blurry too .
plz gve a option for delete the account .
why i can't open it . this be for third time i download it again . until now i can't open it . please fix it .
why there be so many update .
why my wechat suddenly cannot open .
why my wechat stick on load picture of moon and human .
there be no option to change profile pic even if i click on my pic there no option please help .
i love this apps .
very good .
whenever i download a picture send to me by a friend , it be always rotate to the leave any solution for this would be great . and whenever i use that download picture for something it always go back to its original leave rotate image .
its be a year i use this . seem like this be my favorite app .
it's so amaze .
i love it .
this thing be really slow , finish my data before i can even say hello . stupid .
too hard use back camera for sight . please fix it for selfie camera for sight .
unable to download the photo on my redmi note 3g . please fix this tq .
when i be shake now no search result be find . why be this so now with my id only .
nice app .
nothing can compare , rest get to catch up skype , vibe , fb , ect i love it .
nice you .
love it .
why its call videocall network issue canseld .
super app .
communication way be very we ll .
its load to slow . i cant wait it . it cant open and i have to uninstall it . pls fix this . and 5 star then .
can't log in to new phone while i can with my old one . please fix or give instruction .
but how we know someone be in online or offline , plz fix that , otherwise its good app .
after i update the apps , in 5mins the apps can't open already . i don't know what happen to this update . huh .
this be a very useful app because everyone can find people that you know can talk to them .
why can't translate english to indonesian why .
video call be not in best quality .
i like this app .
nice app .
please do something .
this be cute .
nice , i cant talk my friend here free .
use be fast and easy location of contact . i enjoy the usage anytime .
im have the same problem as asa . scroll to leave or right and wont stop at video . call function . since update . can you help .
it become very slow in lollipop version . please check it .
good app .
gud chat apps forever .
because of this wechat my phone hang 3 time in a day , but i love this app , please resolve this problem .
apps be good but need to make a more smooth . and we be need to one big update . export to chat history with this apps . after this aaps be complete by all feature .
i love this .
to many update . suck it .
i really love this messenger and thank to all the guy who make this .
i like this app .
like it .
i think wechat can separate group chat and personal chat like messager .
love it .
i dont know what go on . everytime i need to download again . cause it always hang .
my wechat account do not sync my contact . every time it will come an error also i do not display my phone gmail account contact . reward option its not work my phone .
good app .
it be good .
ui be a little outdated , other than that all work well .
android version of wechat be break in that it doesn't notify you of incoming message 90 of the time . i need to go in and manually open the program to see if i have any new message . think it be a setting issue but same thing even after turn on all notification , plus the fact that it work 10 of the time mean it's just the program . ios version doesn't have this problem . not my phone either as i've try it on 2 different phone . plus 2 other android user in my family have the same problem .
good app .
love it .
i love it .
top app .
no option to delete account .
nice app .
keep load in load page aftr update to version 6 . 2 . 2 . take year n never open at all . please fix this because i get many friend that only can contact through wechat . it get me crazy af try everything to open this thing .
can't video call after latest upgrade . video call icon be display but not accessible .
why its not work for call network issue .
very good .
push notification only work over wifi . kind of inconvenient .
m not able to use people nearby wt to do .
it work perfecly .
awesome apps .
i send an email to support 12 26 14 and a second 1 27 15 with out even an acknowledgement as of 3 25 15 . i never receive a response in go on eight month . with now be able to use , it be good .
what the hell .
its work . so nice really superb application .
please update this version as soon as possible coz it's not work properly like last version .
but incoming call notification be not show .
cheat wechat organizer scar to make disable account link for people close account . cheat and scar bo . lulz .
wechat call unavailable .
hard to downlode .
i cant share on moment my music file in favourite list . people cant open too when i send to friend . but i can open when they send to me .
it show me search error every time im search for my friend id . real annoy .
i have problem to use people nearby . will give 5stats if i can use it .
it already a month i cant open this app . why all galaxy model cant use this app when i open it keep stick at picture of moon .
why can't open . if this open now i rate 10 star .
hye friend join me with we chat wait 4 u all dud .
it very good .
not even single reply through drift bottle and shake feature so many day have go waste of time .
ok . that's all .
very nice application .
i like it .
i can't get greet from people nearby .
old ui be kinda bore change it to new one .
reinstall wechat every 2 3weeks have become a routine . wonder why no qualify engineer in wechat can fix this bug .
it always show server fail , massage .
i just love . just the thing i be look for . i mean its voice call be clear . its video call be clear . its a perfect aap .
we chat 3 apple iphone give for people but it be fake .
try download but to no avail .
i like it fast and easy to make a video call .
please let me know who be online on wechat .
hi . since the new update come in , i have to scroll to the leave to have excess to call or walkie talkie . nut the thing be , it wont stop until it reach walkie talkie if i swipe to the right . please fix this stupid issue as it wont stop at the call or video call button once u swipe to the leave or right .
i think i'm new to use but its very awesome .
i like it .
cant open this app after i update it . fix it then i ll give 6 star .
its load to slow . i cant wait it .
but nerwork canseld why .
can't download it .
no other chat app come even close . but emoticon need to be better .
great stuff .
love it u meet more information friend .
when i use my new s6 edge to launch the app , it show unfortunately , wechat have stop .
this apps be super .
i really enjoy for use diz app . seriously it be amaze app .
why my wechat unable dowload the full image .
unable to open this app we chat be re start at least 100 time everyday . we reward offer be now useless as the cupon give be of no use . eerytime they give free recharge of different company . never get a single msg declare iphon or other fon winner's name . eat up huge memory data . though free sticker be good .
can't retrieve my old accnt after the update . all my post be go .
hello wechat . i want to play pencil plot
i doesn't even get one star in my opinion now i have to pay 6 . 99 you guy be crazy like this thing .
can help to finish tell about homework .
wish we could change color of chat bubble . green get old .
i wait for long time to open this app that show moon for one hour . hey i want you fix it .
very good .
the be always room for improvement .
people nearby be not well . unable to load my location .
where be material design also please give solution to differentiate between normal chat and broadcast message .
all user be happy to use wechat .
nice app .
i very happy . wechat . my frinds . be so funnyy . n happy always .
recently when i wana use the talk button , it just cant hold to record , pls fix .
hope it can take photo and video also . sight be too short .
it always write unfortunately wechat have be stop please help me .
awsome app .
i couldn't download it , please help .
i love wechat .
only 4 bcoz we can't see our friend , when they be one line .
i cant open when i update the new vision and when i uninstall it . it take long time .
this apps not able to locate my current location but i'm have other apps they be work properly .
my cover photo keep blurry . please fix .
its video call be awesome .
nice to use it .
my people nearby stop work suddenly . i hate that part . others be quite good .
whatsapp or line be better . coz they dont put fake event .
try instal wechat 3 or more time . but couldn't install the above mention function . kindly help i will rate 5 after that . thank you .
this so awesome . i love this app . but if there be no moon mybe it be more interest .
realy awesome app .
i love wechat .
i lose my conversation how can i have them back oh gosh i'm really upset .
every 2nd user status be his whatsapp no . or bbm pin . make you think right .
i can't open my wechat now , what happen solve it please , i really like this app .
better apps will always be download by people who know it's value , keep do the good work .
it's too good .
easy to talk every one .
i already download this app why still cannot open .
i like it .
its a combaining of all app . so that we can do everything by use this app .
please fix it .
i like .
i be in mumbai that tym people nearby be work successfully after that i come in pune now its not work even i on my gps .
my rate for we chat .
i forget my password how to recover my password .
i can't open the apps when i finish download it .
ever once in a while the notification would be delay or wouldn't even appear .
if wechat have all time with me . i can chat with all my friend any time . this app be super duper awesome .
i follow how to fix stick . but still didnt work . help me .
f k worst app .
like it .
really amaze .
why my wechat isnt work its already be 2 day . please tell me why .
sight show allow to be upload from gallery . its more convenience . people dont have internet to upload all the time and people can choose which video record that be better .
fake app . only contest be there no one can win . fake .
to much eat memory .
it can't download .
for twice , lose my chat history .
very cool .
not sure why i must enter my phone number , no one need to know that info unless i personally give it out , to someone i trust .
editor always ask me to install the new version , but it always dosn't work . they say i have no any space anymore in my phone , how ever , i have 1 and a half gb phone memory leave . have any explaination .
relieble even in slow connection . thank hop to share mp3 music on this app .
i love this apps .
very good .
i love wechat .
what be wrong with this app . all the other apps can find my location , but it can't . i cannot use the people nearby feature . please solve this problem .
how can i install wechat on ny laptop .
komunicated very simple and many amplication make kominicated very enjoy .
very good .
just try to download the app right now .
love new wechat app .
people nearby problem . i can see people nearby but . people around me cant see me . why this happend .
enjoy chat .
it's nice app but can you please add a read message notification to know when a message be read .
friend tell me we chat profile how complicate .
do the best .
my account keep get block , it say account have set to protect status due to insecure behaviour . i dont know why it say that . resolve it as soon as possible .
great app . nothing to complain about .
but some time very slow .
very convenient .
this app be amaze .
sigh . this app probably not compatible with my phone or i just to dumb to find where i can post at the moment without share photo or sight . sigh .
it be my second time happen . i have to unistall and my chat all go .
every time i make a count on wechat , it work for a few day then it make me type my password and when i type my password , it say that it be incorrect but it's correct what .
i m not able to call anyone from uae .
please change topup acc to moll point .
best app .
i try 100 time to log in but it just doesn't work . hey it work better now .
love you we chat .
like it a lot .
i hate we chat we chat make fool of people by their scheme of aple iphn or moto g by do daily activity but it be nothing you do it for month and you will get expire coupon or nothing hate we chat .
it say we need to verify the ownership of the account , and when i click on ok it doesnt do nothing .
great app phone and video call be uninterrupted and just perfect .
i update wechat and now my phone do not vibrate anymore on notification . downgrade right away , since it use to work for a while .
good app .
it download until 50 then say it cannot be download due to some error . fix it .
i love very much this application tq for make dis type of application .
how do i retrieve and restore back with my wechat id as my previous phone be lose and steal . i have a new mobile phone with the same phone number now , please guide me on how do i relogin back wechat with my previous id account .
like it .
get this prblm again and again for people nearby feature .
be ok .
honestly . when i make new acc . i dont want people to know about my acc existance . honestly . please . fix this .
it would be awesome if you guy make sight available for download . i want to save it on my phone so it's possible to share on other program .
nice one .
love it .
nice of application i hav many video call me satiesfied .
this one be the best .
i see that there's no option to backup my chat history anymore . please solve this problem because i want to backup and restore my chat history .
love it .
this type of sosial chat can mke my phon leg .
love this .
why each time when i want to send a picture to chat , it will say unfortunaly , wechat have stop which come out every time in the picture select page if i leave it like 8sec .
i like this but girl very beautiful .
i love it .
this app be just too fun , i cant describe how fun i use this app .
why cannot open please fix it .
i love it .
i like we chat because i can see my old friend and it's easy too video call .
worst app .
wechat such a good app to connect people via msg , voice video call . but difficulty be that we don't know about the people who r win prize in wereward every month so tell us separately to all of us who r the winner .
after update , the chat box become bigger and some minor bug occur , pls fix it .
very good .
voice msg only work from time to time , other apps voice msg work fine .
3 star represent 3 type of people in wechat . 1 bastard couple . 2 gay . 3 me .
good apps .
very good for video call and other so wechat better skype .
have many feature .
i can't update photo on my moment even i've update the newest version of wechat . it just state unable to send this photo every time . please fix it soon . tq .
i can't log in my wechat . dont know why . i already uninstalled then install again . and still have a problem . whyy suck .
good app .
why i can't open my wechatt . what be the problem .
you y .
good luck .
be there any option to deactivate the account if someone want to delete his or her account .
nice application i like it very much .
love it .
love it .
cannot log on . hang at the start . cannot update . rubbish . plse fix .
my phone be redmi note and i have update to miui 6 recently and i cant use my voice chat anymore , can you please help me thank you .
me not givet mony yo be not insto . this aap pls . ern tok time in .
jay ho .
i have be use this app for year and i still love it .
nice could be more better ya but its nice .
the name of god be a strong tower . the one who be righteous run in to it amen .
very good .
after i update this app i cant use it . it stay on the startup image about the blue moon ughh . ive wait for 5 minute and its still the picture . somebody help .
its make us close .
very good feature .
whats wrong with my wechat after new update please help me as soon as possible , pleasa .
its hard to log in when it keep shut down m really piss bcs of it .
i love this app .
fix the minor bug hang alot .
i love wechat .
not bad .
i cant seem to enter my wechat recently this happen seldomly . so i have to uninstall wechat and then i have to install it again . pls solve this problem . ok . tq .
how be you .
down load .
how to upload music to moment .
can u pls fix ths .
i don't know why recently i just can't receive any message . it only load when i try to send one . please fix it .
very good .
my i chat my friend every day and she always say that this app be great .
why it be often show you're account have be set to protect status . why .
gud 2 time spend .
this be the best app ever .
nice app .
manage to activate my account for an 1 hour of try .
i like in the life with chat .
this be very good app .
i felt a little bite sad because i cant download some sticker for free , im still study dont know how to use money . but its nothing , this app still best way to chat with other .
i love it so much .
i love this because we can see friend , father , mother , brother and sister .
good one .
and quite challenge for new people like me . easy to say hard to think about it . yap . awesome .
we chat .
google play be very slow .
good apps .
fast to open .
i hope it get time stamp like whatsapp at least tat person din reply our msg but we know he she already read our msg .
use it all the time .
wen ever i chat it show access failure check ur internet . but previous be work nicely . please fix this problem rite now . my friend n family be wait for my reply in wechat very annoy . ye y its come error please fix this before i close all person we chat . ok angry mood .
nice apps .
this app be really cool . the video call just so on point . but my friend awura complain of not be able the realise a person online . so i would love of you guy will add that feature . thank .
i love this app .
it keep tell me that im download through a fake version . wtf .
i love this apps .
not bad .
for chesy ppl .
i like wechat .
nice but some problem to download , i m try for download last 1hour . but it be not download we chat could not be download eror 194 .
still can't login with qq please fix this .
its very useful app .
i cant see people nearby only shake . why pls do something .
this app be gud bt since last three week m nt able to use it coz its not open . m nt able to contact my frenz .
like all the add feature app very stable responsive .
get thing that you miss . add more emotion . make this app smooth .
fun time .
very nice app .
we chat .
please fix wechat v6 . 2 . 4 i cant use it at all .
i love this app . such good app for communication between friend .
i love it .
love it .
dear admin thank u very much for ur support .
sometimes i only receive the message 20 minute after its send even if i have wifi .
better than other .
very useful and inovating .
hi there .
great apps for easy vedio call for unknown person to know .
love it .
message translate to chinese , convert voice message to text , etc .
all be all .
it be a splendid app . let applicability be faster . i love it .
i get frustrate with this app everytime i use . every single time i use i face minimum of one bug either it doesn't show people nearby and say location data connection be not work while i use every other net base message . or it show people in shake but can't send them greet it will just keep load . and on other hand hang well take so much time to open the app itself .
i cant unlink my phone number . pls help me solve this problem pls .
it would be nice if we can search by country .
not work video call and voice . properly . when you call tell network problem . automatically cut call also .
i love u .
i like it .
im gonna try this apps .
it's ok .
dah install wechat how many time but still can not log in .
it work on my new phone .
i like this app because its make me connect to all my friend .
i cant install it back . it say that there be an error . i dont know why .
why i cant log in my wechat . im use sony e16i .
like n love the app .
love this apps .
very nice .
f k we chat .
can't view full photo for friend's cover .
just so .
i'm use android 4 . 4 . 4 i notice its laggy compare with the previous version of android . hope you can improve the app's smoothness . tnx .
i love wechet .
galaxy .
mohammed ahmed .
very excite .
this chat be good .
good nc .
nt wrkng since new versn have be installd my dvice s lg p 500 .
can't activate , can't login , can't reset password . please fix .
nthg . its k .
hope all page can be open , often not open the page into the face of the problem , hop to solve .
it's gd .
cant open take to long to load .
i like it .
instal knnot .
i love it its a amaze aap compare in whats app .
when i have mobile data so then call be not work well .
nice app .
install it . you would also like it .
initially it be wrking gud . bt nw oll d time it iz tlg not able to find ur location . so irritate . i write to v chat team also , bt they r still sleepin , since month .
it work out perfectly with what i need . moreover , call and videa chat be totally a plus for me its simple and effective . highly recommend it .
i like this app .
love this app give free airtime .
i love you so much wechat .
love it .
i lyk it because i use to connect with my lovily gal dodo .
owesome app and video callus ng be owesome .
keep on eat my data but couldn't download this app . help me out . please .
very nice app .
i love you .
i like it .
but it's take too much memory .
i think it should b mre intersting .
i cannot open it after update and when i uninstall and download it again its still cannot open it . its not like v6 . 1 .
i have use this app for a year and it be great . but now , i can find it on my screen home even when i have already reinstall . sorry .
be use it for the only reason that its offer many offer .
this app be very amaze .
love it .
i cannot receive any message , moment and all . pls fix . thank .
i'm sorry i have already delete this app .
thank for the help it mean a lot to me since she be my bff she's also in china so i'm sad but thank now i can contact her thank you and great app .
hope i can add sound message or short mp3 on moment message . tq .
uninstalled this app after make recharge process much hard .
my balance for citrus cube but when i enter the promocode in citrus cube for 50rs it say code expire . how be it expire if i didnt use it please provide me with new promocode .
very nice and lot of fun as well .
coz have many frineds .
i love it .
love we chat .
rubbish contest . not at all useful .
it won't give any recharge balance instead of coupon .
very good .
we chat be poor apps update .
it be not redeem .
i cant enter the app . it get stick on the damn guy look at the earth . please fix it . my device be samsung galaxy young . ill consider give 5 star after this problem be solve .
please do something on it i can't open and use it well like before new version so suck do something please damn it .
this app cheat us they say they give 250reacharge we go nothing .
if samsung user's cover photo can see full image 1 its more better . hope can remove the region thx .
worst app ever .
awesome app .
where be the option for people nearby .
need to add tick when people read my message .
they make chinese only besides english because they know some chinese be really stupid and know nothing in english .
i can't able to open this app after the update , i don't know y this app misbehave like this .
i think its very good for messging .
love it .
it's a good aplication .
nice app .
lol i can't download this app cause my phone be full storage . wtf i only download 3 app .
best app for video call and nice emotion .
not bad .
when i change my new number and log in to same account i cant see any photo of my contact . even be i need to send a photo also cant . what wechat show to me be no memory card available and no photo avaible . please help and check . thank you .
dear admin application not show search people near me option . in under discover tab . please fix it .
we chat .
when i log in they tell me this be an unofficial wechat version what happen .
good and there's a little thing that need to be fix .
could have more account link option .
solve it .
doesn't download the app say it be error but doesn't stop instal .
ts easy to chat on we chat .
very good .
that can help .
why i can't open wechat after update .
app good .
very good app .
the faker .
please add function that we can see who online or offline . please . i really hope u can add this function .
love the translation mode . now i know what others be say in different language .
selfish people make selfish app for himself because except chinese english you cannot use other language cannot use to type . selfish people allow to , use those language only , which they understand and can see what , people talk .
i love this . rate for 5 star .
i love this app .
i can't install .
superb app .
very good .
this app be one of the best app in social medium . and this app provide many feature like shake friend , find friend via drift bottle , we chat out call . so i like very much this app .
sometimes when it contain too much message , it can be hang . but whatsapp be ok . by the way this be a good app .
great app .
all of sudden wechat disappear from my phone . when i try to install it back , it say my phone be not support i can't imagine galaxy note 3 be not support as it be a very popular phone .
love it .
best of the best .
very hard to change delete account , tq .
best device to connect people all over the word .
it have be easy to use with awesome feature .
the invite friend to join option stick on top .
please fix your login issue . before , nothing problem . after update it make this app suck .
not very fun ppl on it .
can't use . just show earth .
soo much issue . totally bakwas . fake draw . bakwas code and redemption option .
can't use . just show earth .
i like this .
i dislike wechat because of shake service sometimes it be work some time it make disappoint i could not enjoy it .
easy to use .
it be work fine then one day it start delete the picture that i have it also do not allow you to download your video or to transfer them to where you can send them in a text message with another application . also there be issue with the voice message come through sometimes it come through sometimes it do not .
very good .
he be really right app .
i use it everyday .
why it's always problem sometimes i can't open this app . fix it pls . thank .
why i cant send pic . i cant even see others pic in moment . it say . unable to download full image . even the sight cant open . its happen many time . bug . lag . glitch . hemm .
i can't ever open it after uninstall for a while and that make me annoy with this apps . someone pls do something .
its too good .
very nice .
this have prove to be the best of all similar application . they don't track any of your data , as the parent company be viable without go to shenanigan .
it's not respond very good . lag . message receive after 30minutes . what do u chinese do with the font size i see no difference too , only 3 option . how bout add more size dumb ass .
me my friend tse use this app sound very clear thank u wechat .
the best way . tq .
everytime i pick an emoji in wechat my phone restart .
happy to use this .
it's great to use when you're communicate with long distance friend and such . that be until you realise you've accidentally log out , forget your phone number which the account be set up with have not change it to your current number and also forget to set up an email or wechat id . oops . the pro and con sort of . but mostly con .
be all we need . to see the person either hv read our msg . or not . tq .
doesn't receive message until i open the app sometimes . please fix sticker . some sticker just disappear and i have to reinstall them to get them back . fix everything i back up chat history , uninstalled , reinstall , load back up , and still have issue with get notification .
do not work with wifi .
there be a lot of difficulty to log in . server access failure , bug , email invalid , ban account and so on . why be you make this so hard i love this app and use it frequently . but after i restart my phone , i cant log in . i ensure you all the detail be correct . please help because i have friend there that i dont have any other contact method .
ui be not very good and too many use less thing in it .
i dont know why but i only find india japan taiwam frnd can u solve the problem so that i can find frnds in my country and 2nd when app be new its use to show multiple mobile shaker at a moment now its show only one kindly solve it .
great ap .
it god .
it always display a moon only . how i want to log in please fix it . i love this appliction .
i've be use this app for quite awhile and i'm satisfy with the log in and account auto disconnect issue solve . thank to the team who solve this matter with their new update wechat . rat from 1 star to 5 star . great work to the team .
i want only free recharge . i don't like jabongg shop clus discount .
i have download wechat but it doesnt open . do three time . after new update its not open . it suck . r u help to solve this . i have try on the url what u give but the problem be unsolved .
i can't seem to see the icon for the lucky money and the transfer icon . bite sad really .
i like .
i love this app . but please fix ur annoy moon . its make me wait for a long time .
i can't open image , cover picture doesn't appear what the heck plus , we chat be always not respond like seriously .
but everytime lock my account i use all number so update your security 1 number always unlock particular number . everytime when i update whatsapp version my account lock and need new number to unlock very poor and worst security provide by wechat .
after update i m not able to login my account . please fix it soon .
very interest and fun . thank you for this app . i always support this app .
nice app .
new version not work . older version want to update .
please fix this i can't open wechat now after the latest update . i will 5 star if you fix this .
love it .
wrchat need to do when pepple online can see it .
i need to reinstall my wechat and all my message be delete , why it can't be open , pls fix it .
when i shake oly china country peopke in shake so i m unistalling app .
i can't open my wechat after i update the latest one . i can only see moon and that man stand there . and that's it . i'm so upset .
my friend able to send me new sticker but i m nt able to see that or even not able to see download option for those sticker's .
awesome app .
it's cool then facebook .
just great .
after it stucked , i uninstall it and now i cant install it back . then always appear unknown error 24 . what the hack it be , please fix it and i'll give u for sure .
best application i ever have .
love it chat .
since i lose my phone . with the new phone upload wechat back with same id why be that some my friend list can't get my message or they send to me . feel bad about this matter .
very fun .
i like it very much . nd get my from this application .
i have a friend who leave i need to use this app but it doesn't download .
your app give me problem in drift bottle , shake and people nearby . please fix it or i'm gonna un install wechat .
not able to open as its dame bull shet .
i can't open my wechat . can you tell me what's the problem with it .
thank for fix the bug , now i can wechat with my friend , and please add online offline status , thank again , but it stick on the moon load , fix that .
love it . very good .
love it .
make an option to see who be online offline . also , if your messagn be see by the recipient .
good app .
i love it . its gud nd it make me chart wit my frnd easly .
i hope you can put front camera fr the sight .
good connection .
everyone enjoy it .
i can't open image , cover picture doesn't appear what the heck .
there be no feature to know that which contact be online or offline .
why my wechat cannot open must clear data first for new wechat .
i try to video call my friend its only ring and the other end even do not receive a call or a miss call we both have upgrade version on our device still no luck sorry to say fokes i uninstalled the app .
i love it .
my wechat just crash whenever i boot the app . fix it asap .
love it .
direct reacharge be not available .
sometimes wechat can make mad . tell me why .
not work on galaxy mini . im not able to contact my friend . need update fast .
great stuff .
awesome app .
we chat .
if uninstalled it i lose everything inc contact .
when i get into wechat n they out after update wtf .
good app .
in night very good condition work and connectivity also nice .
i can install this wechat .
it's really good .
good work ing .
always have problem with this wechat . i also cannot open it . every week it happen . i need unistall then need install again .
group off .
it also stick at moon . many time i uninstall and install it's still stick at moon .
love it .
thank for fix the bug , now i can wechat with my friend , and please add online offline status , thank again .
so horrible i try to use this app and it work for a good 5 minute until it tell me apperently the version of my app wasn't the proper app so my number become block from the app .
contact delete but they be still able to send chat . what's wrong come on , people delete so that they don't want to be bother . but why still make some sense .
it be awhile , but still haven't fix it .
please give the option of online friend . how can we know that the friend be online . shaw the online friend . plz .
the best social app ever . thumbsup .
after the update , this app have become a piece of shit . cannot even use the voice call . why the hell they change format they should enhance feature , not swap format .
like it .
it's vry intrstng app . vru useful also .
cannot open after i update new . not respond . can help me please .
i just update to the new version and i can't log in .
cannot receive massage , i open wechat then receive .
i like this apps . but how about you add flashlight for the sight in moment . i can't capture a video sight without flaslight . i like to recommend that for the other user . please update it . and add a flashlight for the sight .
love this y .
its good but there be some of hang problem whenever i do use wechat my phone response very slow after that . please resolve this problem .
just love this .
i have many friend now from wechat .
well it work perfectly earlier n after an update now i be unable to change my profile pic , i try several dozen time n all it say unable to upload profile photo pls fix .
after update , receive message delay bout 10 20secs , sometime half an hour , pls fix it the problem .
good to find friend from world .
great app .
i cant open this thing .
nice app .
i like it .
very good apps . i love it .
i like it .
i don't know what to comment .
some time slow 2 accept friend's still good .
love it .
my phone be s6 why i cant update my moment anyway i also can't show who online or ofline pls fix it .
this app ara so good .
this app couldn't be more useless . it couldnt even figure out my location . just stick with facebook .
sweet job , retard . you can't even access some feature now cause you decide to make a two page bar in the chat window that should be three . next time test your shit .
why cannot install it . always appear due to unknown error . can u show me the step how to install this app .
i cant ooen this app . the only thing that show be the globe . ive be use ghis app for a year now and this be the first time it happen to me . i try to install and reinstall it . reset it . make another google account but nothing work . please help me . this be the knly way i can connect with ny friend . hopefully you can resolve this .
unable to redeem juy 2015 reward , though my balance be show 250rs . redeem option not work n offer redeem page not open .
my android be gingerbread and this verson dsnt install , it just show picture of earth and nothing happen .
it's great .
i really love this app , but whenever i want to make a video call to my friend , the response i do get be the person you be try to call be not a we chat friend , and how do i know when a friend be online or offline please kindly fix this issue .
very good .
very good .
this be my first app .
nice but need important . also vry slow .
very good application .
new version not allow people nearby on 2g network .
a dog can never stop eat shit .
i have download wechat but it doesnt open . do three time . after new update its not open . it suck .
this be very eaisy to communication .
app we chat for all people .
i just love it so much love it wechat .
nice app .
best app for ever .
this be cool .
i can't open it . please fix it . i really need it .
the best .
good one .
nice one .
love it so much . make me easy to connect with my old friend .
no option to serch to near by people say in my phone .
i'll give you 5stars if it can open it back . bcs of i uninstall ths app a month ago than when i want to reinstall it back and it cant open .
you cheat us , you say that we will get free mobile recharge but in redeem there be no option for that , just only offer . this time also for august you be say mobile recharge . just a cheater .
over all good app . but when i shake my phone i can not get list of friend . what should i do .
it's just same like whatsap but a little different .
yes best way of video call .
i think it be slow compare to whatsapp .
use too much space for storage . and of what profile of people you don't even chat to . i'm find picture of people in my album i never saw before . also , location be never correct .
anything that relate to picture be not in a good quality . please improve that .
i give 5 star , for that work on it .
i can't log in my wechat after format my phone . i have enter my i'd and password correctly but error . why please help me .
just like a piece of shit .
love it .
love the app .
it should show some icon if the person be online or not .
some time i cannot open it . why .
thank to who create this apps .
wechat be a perfect app .
honestly frustrate now . wechat 6 . 2 . 2 be not even open in my phone . fix this plz .
good one .
problem with the voice call and video call's voice . it's not clear and i can't hear what people try to say . please fix it . thank you .
keep on stick at the load page . the moon . pls fix this a . s . a . p .
everytime when i update whatsapp version my account lock and need new number to unlock very poor and worst security provide by wechat .
i can chat anytime and anywhere .
his work but same time not work .
why i cant log in when i uninstall and install them bck . suck .
its awesome apps .
love it .
i hate this app .
lame x online wechat .
love it .
someone peek at me somewhere .
i love it .
i cant open this apps .
surround sound system .
i can't login into my account . please fix it when i put my wechat id and password it say unable login . please fix it .
best apps .
i hate its . because i cannot open my wechat . emm .
love it .
why i could not download .
i shake my phone a lot of time and there be way too many iraq people . it would be better if there be filter . i have nothing against them but they type in their own language or very gibberish .
it's slow but ok with me .
you should give us a chance to change our wechat id for a second time . it should give you .
very good app for social network .
fix the version well , i cannot view the comment piggestt .
can't use and not funtion .
the pool of to make new frnds from araund the world .
its easy and comfortable .
it be very comfortable to use n easy to chat .
i have samsung galaxy and i use 2 . 3 gingerbread version of android . whenever i try to open the older version of wechat it say that download the latest version and the latest version and it be not support on my mobile phone . and when i say cancel it exit automatically . so ultimately i cannot use the older version of wechat , and the newer version of wechat be not support on my mobile phone now what can i do i want to use wechat .
install to use to be able to talk and message my mum while abroad as she can use it on her tablet that she connect to wifi . so far so good . would be really good if it could have a delivery tick or something , so you know if the message have deliver or not .
i cannot download it . keep say error 194 .
hey , what's up with that only see some asian people in people nearby and i'm from serbia . when i try to get location when selection region it repetedly say that it can't obtain it . fix this please .
edit great app . minor speed bump with issue below , but customer support contact me to help me fix it within a couple hour of me post the review . original review love ios version . download from google play for android yesterday and use once on my htc before receive alert from wechat that my account be now ban for use unofficial version . try to follow instruction to unlock the account via sms verification , and just get a break link in the end . try verify again , and be tell i have already try to verify too many time . would be an amaze app if i could use it . please fix .
hahahaaha this be the most fun app i ever install .
do you .
not properly work .
nice app for chat . its also have good nd fantastic sticker . enjfoy that we chat .
pls update for chat offline online .
sight use front camera and sight can be pause while record .
late update . drift bottle . until now not available .
i love this app .
i love this wechat app .
great app .
v nice apps i get alot new friend but problem online offline dont show . pls mantion there .
unknown error code during application install 24 that's the error code i always get when i try to install the app help .
i like it .
hate it because i can't open this app .
like it .
like it .
i really love it .
need info if the message be deliver and see for 5 star .
nice app .
it's of waste without find people nearby option .
great app .
we mlysian people currently use this app . add friend from id , qr code , phone num . or u can shake u phone to find people out of range .
the wechat shake option won't load any result . i have to wait for a long time for one result and after that no more result will load until another hour .
good apps .
it's okay if some feature be add then it's so cool to use for everyone . add the feature to show the online offline of the wechat user and last see of the user like whatsapp . and telegram apps . its also don't show when user have join the wechat . then i'll give 5 star .
it would be cool if we can change the message colour and kinda make u know urs .
it's fine but the registration process be really slow .
i use a disk analyst to scan my phone and it show wechat use 4gb of space on my internal storage . be there a way to reduce the size or move save to sd card option be the size relate to my message and medium in the message .
love it .
love ios version . download from google play for android yesterday and use once on my htc before receive alert from wechat that my account be now ban for use unofficial version . try to follow instruction to unlock the account via sms verification , and just get a break link in the end . try verify again , and be tell i have already try to verify too many time . would be an amaze app if i could use it . please fix .
worst app and worst offer .
this be nice to communicate .
nice application but we can't see online offline status of friend . please correction for the same . any way superb application .
really useful . love it a lot .
be cool .
improve load time .
i like it .
awesome video chat .
i love to use wechat . but im face a problem that i cant see people nearby now . please fix this problem .
why iphone have it .
so far not bad very good app .
after update my wechat keep on not respond , suddenly stop n auto restart . don't know what happend pls do something . so disappoint . i've reinstall for 5times . wechat also cannot upload my moment . photo text . pls help .
i cant see other people online and when my friend like my cover they like my old cover even i have change it two time .
something wrong with version 6 . 2 . 2 .
nice app but it be a bite slow .
i hope i can see my offline online friend here . and hope u have a pop up message in set . it will be great then .
why i can't find my country on the list i'm in tunisia .
but since i update it for last version i have a problem in search they give unable to locate your location please go back and try again this problem repeat with me many time in each day please i want from you to fix this . otherwise i will remove it thank you .
crash even if not use .
wechat too much bad cant connect why like this .
oh yea . i love it . try it , then u know .
it better toksnow who s call .
can't see online offline and read please add this will be more better .
not that good .
this be really great apps .
i love this app .
good apps .
why my wechat cannot open when i try to open , its just show a man stading infront of the earth . please help me .
i only get to chat on my greet . its too irritate how can i chat directly on inbox .
love it .
pretty good app so far but the notification be not work properly you be stick with the default notification sound . i have change the sound 4x but still revert back to default . i need to have my personal sound so i know a wechat be come in .
i love it .
we'll its fruity .
its good .
love it .
love it .
i love you .
it's terrible , i can't see who online or offline .
i like it .
shake feature and share moment be best . but plz add one feature by which we can send audio file to other user .
for an app this mature , it's surprisingly slow and sluggish . cant see who's online offline or their offline time . also the chat interface look a bite date . but since there be quite a number of my contact on here i will still keep it around for a little more to see how its go .
i cant use people nearby option . why .
can i deactivate my current account because i want to create another account .
great program . thank a lot . it's the best application can use .
wechat be the only way i can contact with all my chinese friend . and now it can't open for a week now . i've wait for a new update everyday but still not yet everytime it stucks on load if i get an update , it will be fix . but this time i decide to uninstalled and install it again then it could be use like a few hour then it stick on load again . i lose my conversation for nothing and it still can't be use . please fix it as soon as possible .
its realy good for find new friend .
we chat a very good application .
thanku wechat .
this app be great but lack for privacy security option . user cannot delete his her own account on its accord . i hope the developer can solve it . thank you .
why my wechat do not work properly it stick on the man with the moon and cant enter it at all .
why my wechat do not work properly it stick on the man with the moon and cant enter it at all .
i dnt like this be ridiculous wy can't i find my friend near by .
i should be able to search for user from other location . the same repetitive people show up in the people nearby option . or there should be a way to block the people that you don't want to see whether you add them as a friend or not , so then new people that be nearby would then show up on the list . also when we post up picture in the photoblog there should be a clear option that indicate with each photo upload if you want to share the picture with the public or with friend only or keep private .
i like it .
be the app be really good . but , the feature sight . could you guy kindly add the option , where you can switch to front cam . i dont know if other user work that way . but mine , it doesn't work that way t . t . hope u could read this . and keep up the good work . godbless .
it have not be work for last week .
asus zenfone 5 , my wechat when i delete chat history , send image , search nearby , etc , the app restart . what's wrong .
cant download it . ive try many time but it wont download . a while ago . it just crash and then that . i uninstalled it and try to download but cant . please help .
first i be use my qq account open my wechat which be not work now , because someone be hack the account and it block . now i get the new account , but suddenly i could not search any id and it show search error . i have send the feedback already . please do fix the problem as soon as possible . thank you .
i can't sign up . after i type the detail its load . i try more than 5 time .
much better app than the normal message app . can make your message much more user friendly and personal .
i cant download the app . always error . i really love this app . pls fix asap .
best app .
cannot open wechat . keep crash and go to homescreen . please fix it before update wechat really good condition but after update new version keep crash . fix it .
why suddenly i can't open my wechat on my phone . but i can open my account wecht at ipad .
its not work well . pls fix it . i like this apps for now .
i cant use this we chat its different i cant make nearby people .
this be an awesome app for video call .
many ppl be fake and idiot type .
always say that application be not respond .
good app .
i love use this app .
hope wechat will have a see indicator on the next update to make it more intresting . the see indicator will make user know their massage have be read .
keep auto logout my account . so annoy .
please let me can change my id because too many people have know about my id and it become no more privacy . so please make an update to make us can change our wechat id . thank you .
very good .
app be cool but i couldn't search nearby .
without prblem chat easy .
i like it .
love it .
why i cannot receive any notification when others send msg to me .
how to update for latest version tq .
its okay but when i be use the shake i cant find a local people please fix it .
the screen stay at the moon . literally cannot go in wechat . happen third time already . please fix as soon as possible .
after update my wechat keep on not respond , suddenly stop n auto restart . don't know what happend pls do something . so disappoint .
stop fuction lousy .
why can't open .
pls i want we chat .
much room to improve . keep up the good work .
love it so much .
i can't even log into my own account . i delete it reinstall it . upgrade it . i still can't log in .
like it but you should add more emotion .
feel happy when i chat with my friend .
it's amaze .
i cannot open it . it always show the picture of the moon . i will rate 5 star in you fix it .
easy to connect , and the moment , whenever i post , i can manage who can view it .
always no network when all other apps can use it .
nice but if you can make it a lil bite more better that would be nice .
always chinese people in shake , last time i install this app everytime i shake its fine but now its so annoy .
luv this app .
i like it .
i have really no idea why i need to keep reinstall just because my message can't be send and the timeline stick . i have already instal 6 time pls fix this problem .
i like it .
hi your product be number one fast and easy to use it .
nyc app .
why have to wait so long .
i cant downloas it . it always pop up error download due to error 194 . can someone fix this .
why moment not display cannot see pic and sight please . i want feedback .
love this app very much .
worst app .
not bad .
reinstall wechat but only show its load . can't access we chat now .
this time the reward system be so fake , it say fresrecharge bt no direct recharge option , delete . and not recommend . 0 star if possible . as no customer support also .
disguisting , dont download this . my account suddenly not appear on ppl nearby . wechat give solution and i try to fix it . but still like that . waste time .
i like it .
i love this app but it would be fun if th team can create an update that can let us chatter see whose online or not , or the message have be read or whatnot . please update soon thank .
i change my phone but cant download . i really like this app .
i cant open my wechat n0w , everytime ill open it the openning moon will show , after that , it will close , it always crush , i cant uninstall it bcoz my message be important there , can u fix it .
best app .
want to text call without use wifi or data .
can you find the solution . i donr know why i cant open my wechat even i reinstall it . its so bad poor .
love it .
update then few sticker auto disappear and cant see sticker some1 send oso .
like it .
it's not find nearby people why .
good app .
why not download wechat .
i try to delete or deactivate my account . there be no option to do it . i request to technical support , there be no response from them . read the agreement before you join or you will get stick like me .
why i cant use video call . please fix it .
love it .
try many time to link my visa credit card , always show transaction error . also , cannot contact any type of your support . wechat payment official , email , or whatever . never get back any solution . i'll change to 5 star if you can solve this problem for me .
love this app .
love it .
y it be not instal .
couldnt listen to message , so i reinstall the app only to find all my chat history erase . i'm new to wechat but this can't be right . all of my subscription be go as well .
there be a problem or technical error occur while i be use this app . so i decide to uninstall it hop it would work again . but to my surprise i can't log in to my account anymore . i try password retrieval . i try access use fb . i even try to log in usung my old account and yet same problem . i can't still log in .
not able to reach a help desk of any kind . not able to withdraw money that be send via wechat wallet .
nice app .
we chat .
hate it very much .
i cant see the webpage share in moment as well as in the subscription . net err name not resolve .
i cannot open my wechat in my smart fon . its not respond at all .
after the update , i cannot upload and even view photo anymore . please do something about it .
you always get to talk to your friend even when there far away .
great to pick up woman on the fly when you don't have any good call or texting plan and want to be extra ridiculous . also , hi chinese government .
awesome apps .
very cool software .
love this app .
i like this app but how can i excess to the previous conversation this app crash and i need to re install . after installation , i lose all the conversation . there be important message that i need to look for . i hope wechat team can help me to solve this problem . asap .
i like it .
i can't download again this app .
becz i use .
somehow , i have to 5 star because i know natasya suraya wechat close this application . please screen shoot i love him . 3 her birthday bye .
i have load of message apps but i have find this one be the best .
can see who online or not . and fix picture viewer image can zoom .
its not send greet why be that .
i'm give 5 star , since i know you will help me on this .
i have an account for 10 year . but suddenly i can't login anymore . i can't even retrieve my password . can't even sign up for a new account this be very bad for this apps please fix it .
good but not clear .
love be too heavy . but its most simple .
be careful to use this . very suspicious . good thing doesn't come free .
i get , 12 girl in wechat for many night . great app .
like it .
please help me .
i like this app too much .
thank ji .
i love it .
love it .
my moment cant refresh as usual and i also cant open my wechat after update .
i download the wechat app work for 1 day and there after it suddenly don't work .
please help i have not be able to open wechat for a week now , when i launch the app it just open that first pic of wechat then crash . i've be wait for an update think maybe that will sort the problem out but there be no update . i feel like something be miss without it please help .
love and love this soft .
i realy love it . but when i want to install on my phone it say . error cant be install in default location . can anyone help me .
pls fix these or i won't use it .
i stick on people with the moon . i dont know why . how to open this wechat .
wechat be very nice app bouhat khoob thank .
very nice .
esp when i open a post in circle . drive me crazy .
amaze man . i mean i really love it .
app install only then didn't open the app .
i like it .
like it . so private and comfortable . but picture on moment not really clear enough , please fix it . thankyou .
it be shortly connect .
awesome app .
i hate this .
good job .
the tab be there but i couldn't access the sticker menu .
we chat be awesome .
like it .
every time i want to open this app , always unable . i dunno why . hat it .
i love it .
i like chat on wechat .
we chat app be very useful to video call n chat . i love these app .
like it .
i love it .
my favorite chat app .
there should be a delete account selection to delete account thats no longer be use .
by add last see feature it can be more better . love it . keep update .
we chat .
its too bad cause i cant open my wechat . even i try so many time still cant open it . pls fix this .
why sometimes i can't open my we chat be there any solution if i encounter this problem again .
wechat problem with the first installation be not work .
i cannot open my wechat in my smart fon . its not respond at all .
hi , there be one thing that i didn't like . i don't want to sign up with ma number but there be not other chance . i want to log in ma facebook account but it doesn't work please , help me .
when i send voice massage , it's can't receive my voice probably . sound lag and can't fully record what i say for the massage . , that's sad .
my wechat cannot be on . it stick i think . give me some opinion .
always use the app very necessary but s .
when i touch the wechat icon in my phone , it will only preview the earth icon on my phone . and it be go to close it to my home . please explain it .
it bounce out sometimes when i enter . fix plz .
i try it before and i love it .
i like it .
like it .
its batter if call voice be clear .
very good .
i want wechat .
i cant download wechat because im out of space . i have 100 mb space leave . pls fix this app . my phone be samsung mini .
plz solve mu problem .
sir this be good app .
i love it .
lol it be a really cool app to contact others .
stick on the earth and a person . then nothing happen . already trt the method give . by change to other network . still the same .
once i din't open my wechat it won't appear notification or ring . any solution .
i wanna know who be online though .
awesome to intract with people .
love it .
cannot be instal in default instalation location . remark be see . for last few day . hw to install .
this app very fun and i hope i can play this app .
next generation chat room .
awesome apps .
they cheat us . they say they will give balance but they didn't give . i will ask all my friend to uninstall dis bloody shitty app . just a waste of time . waste my data and 1 month for dis fukin app .
love it .
i cant see the photo and my cover , pls look forward on it , and faster to solve my problem .
heavy as fuck .
nice app .
it be fun until you want to delete it , there be no way to delete it and even contact wechat doesn't help .
im reinstall my wechat and log in use my number and can't load . be ther anyway to sign up again without use phone numbet .
it look outstanding . if i get more i will download for sure .
it's so awesome .
my wechat keep show the earth for very long time and stucked all day along . i couldn't open my wechat since few day ago . really iritates me please help me fix it .
love this app . enable me to converse with my overseas friend via translate function as i be not fluent in their language .
cant access my wechat . please help .
why l can't see the picture in chat , group and even in moment i can't send picture to chat sometimes .
i can't open my wechat and it have be more than a week . please fix this . i can't uninstall it , everything in it be important . fix this asap .
be there any option other than retrieve password via sms call email link accout i lose my phone number , i didn't link to any accout number email or any relate , thank .
i wanna create a group chat but then can't add any people .
share vid on moment be not available yet .
fcuk . why i cannot add friend at people nearby . please fix it .
cannot open . hang without reason . please fix .
log out of my account and now say it be in protection or something wont . when i try 2 bring it out of this so i can log back in it tell me this number be not available please fix .
i have be use it for 2 yrs . and now its not work . error 503 please fix it .
make it crystal clear so that we can make video call without any difficulty .
no one wanna chat with me because i'm under 20 year old .
highly not recommend .
waste of time .
its awesome .
nice and good .
message be not receive when the app be close .
no good for child 7 to 12 year old .
ilove this app .
its a great apps that make me change from facebook n just use wechat only cz its have more easier way to connect with people . nothing bad bout it . thx .
nothing special .
i love this apps .
cannot share music on moment . so sad .
fix and ill download .
it work perfectly .
i think it's the same thing as line .
i really like we chat so fantastic .
sight cannot use the front camera galaxy s3 .
its really useful n easy to use app .
this the second time that i couldn't open this app . i need to uninstall and reinstall again in order to use it . i do not what cause that to happen . wechat team , please have a look over this matter . thank you .
i just love it .
i meet my husband in we chat thank we chat .
it's keep say there's no connection even i have strong wifi .
i want too know all people too become my friend .
nic app .
be the sticker free i download some by just press the download option , no payment info be require . i later realize that there be some that do have a 0 . 99 fee . do i purchase those and how be i go to be charge .
why be it that i cannot install this apps in my tab . server error always .
wen ever i chat it show access failure check ur internet . but previous be work nicely . please fix this problem rite now . my friend n family be wait for my reply in wechat very annoy .
its make me lucky .
please update we chat in new version . who online and who offline . please dont put hide set .
i want to delete my account .
it give me the error server access failure . wtf everything be work . my network be perfectly fine . what's wrong with this app .
i dont know why i cant even open it after i instal . waste my data . i hate u .
i be use we chat for almost 2 year but now that i be here in abu dhabi somethings wrong . i can't log in . why be that this issue start last 25th july 2015 .
too good .
nice app .
we cannot use we chat now , there's a problem on a server we can't connect . please fix these isue .
it's not work u give me another password but still cannot log in . i'll give u 2 star and no more wechat it's happen to me how many time .
nice app .
very good .
while find nearby freinds it show error gps on . disgust .
it be okay but now it be so difficult to log in it always say there be server error .
it not work in unite arab emirate pls fix it .
why there be no option for deactivate account .
network error access , 505 like while i be login . diagnosis also not do .
2 day now . not work at all . server access failure .
very good .
love it .
so good .
whenever i try to connect with wechat use my id . its respond as server access failure . i dont know how to rectify this . if wechat team support to clarify then it will be helpful . thank yaseen sm .
very nice .
awesome and i love it forever . i really hope i can see a video call wait when someone online video call , i hope so as to avoid negative think , tq wechat .
video call .
i be not able to log in any problem .
awesome thank .
i hate it . it's nt get download even . show error everytime i try to download it .
i love it .
today in unite arab emirate wechat stop work it give server can't access . this be for etisalat provider . i run vpn and wechat start work as message only but nearby do not work . may be etisalat block it or there be a problem from your side . please fix . wechat be wonderful before this problem .
my mobile samsung y duo 6102 not open this wechat app .
men hit on my 10 year old sister .
the one and only best ap .
so recently my phone have be break down . that i suddenly cannot turn on my phone . i have not back up my chat log yet because i didn't know this will happen . how do i retrieve all my message . they be really important to me that i wanna cry if i lose them . please help . do the server have my chat history i really want it back . wechat support team please reply this feedback as soon as possible .
i like it .
why this new update so stupid i want add my friend , when i add he come back and search again , why so stupid i hat that please previous the version .
please improve the ui and update to the material design .
do not work since last week . meessage show failure to connect server . even after reinstall could not get login sms . what be problem .
have problem my wechat . cant open this app . help .
very nice .
if i can see someone online or offline as whasapp its better .
we chat be not nice now . same before icnnot open again my accnt . pls help me to fix my we chat .
i can't upload or download any photo from the chat . it work okay till yesterday but now no more . any help .
ok go for good now , better . but please add more funny sticker like wechat assistant .
unable to connect it to server on wifi .
simply awsome app y .
keep stick since i open the app .
my wechat cannot be on . it stick i think . give me some opinion .
i cannot open my wechat after install why . please help .
ve can see all the relative evety day .
great app .
wechat moment unable to send photo why .
receive a call on either voice and video the bluetooth device can't be use . have to use headset and very frustating . after the update the bluetooth be totally useless . please fix this .
new message cannot be show correctly .
i can't open this apps why pl help .
its a great app but i always miss my massage . my connection be ok but the massage won't come in .
i log on once then it say that this app as no official so my account get ban . try to unlock the account but fail . don't bother with this app .
nice work .
thank you .
im really in love with this app , but when i wake up i open it to see no connection , it keep tell me that there be an error with comunication , so i uninstalled it , and download it again , but there be still a problem with network ps all apps be work , and it refuse to log in .
we chat not connect .
can't log in .
success of ayya kutty .
why i can't log in to wechat . please help me .
always not respond .
the great app .
we chat apps download but other option be not register last 4 day for same problem .
its not respond now can you fix it pls .
good app .
i disagree with someone who ask to add contact status . if they read our message or not . if they online or offline . i love wechat as it's .
it's a great app for chat .
can't open my wechat account on my other phone . pls help .
best app .
my wechat dont have vidio call .
good app . great yeah .
can't even receive any message mad about it .
wow so wow cuz of this app i can finally chat with outsider i mean my friend .
good but no download .
in lollipop 5 . 1 . 1 cannot type code for iphone and motorola e there be not come where we can write and share code and what be our favorite please tell solution .
but some time very slow .
this be not work . it say too many operation . f wechat . please fix it i want the veryfications code only .
very easy .
when i install wechat i cant log in . please help me out .
i love it .
keep the good work .
this app better then whapp . this security must be powerfull by whapp . plz talk .
i can't sign in why i reinstall a lot of time but can't sign in . what i do please .
the voice cant record loud , everytime should restart my phone juz cn record in clear and loud .
this be shit .
why i couldnt log in my wechat as only the moon display .
hi nice apps can help us to connect with my love one .
why be it not work anymore it say network errow ,
i cant open this app on my galaxy . pls fix it asap . i will rate it 5star .
i be use wechat already and i have internet connection wifi but why it say unable to access the server other social apps be work normally only wechat .
good work .
i cannot login from my id . its give error server access failiure . its not good . plz improve it and solve it .
dont download this .
i like it .
very good .
play store .
at first i love this wechat but suddenly the application shut down itself . when i be attempt to log in , it always go to fail and error . i love to use we chat but please fix it out . thank .
u shud improve d site fr . make fake account . this unsafe n full of vulgerity . if someone block a . person it shud b clear dat he wont b able to connect her anyhow .
i've two problem about this app one be that whenever i shake my phone it only show the indonesian people and the second problem be that now i can't log in even though i be write my password and id correct . plz fix it .
not able to access wechat . show server access failure 1 503 something like that . all other apps be work except wechat .
very good .
hahahaaha this be the most beautiful app i ever install .
people nearby problem why that use gps and alot search any ppl at nearby . thank .
it have stop work after the latest update .
knnot open .
love it .
people nearby doesn't work .
stick at man and earth . long time wait nothing happen .
really great app . but i have a problem im from the philippine but why everytime i shake i always get people from indonesia or thailand . i dont know why . before all person that come from shake be from the philippine also .
it take time to log in , i even try to re install the app just in case it would solve in that way just like the other user do , but it's still the same .
it always say server access failure eventhough im connect to the internet . try several time to install again but always happen the same . please fix this .
i try 100 time to log in but it just doesn't work .
why can't open after install . why . please help .
can't change upload profil picture . please help me .
love it .
nice chat be wechat .
i can use everthing except wechat , i have access to fb , whatsapp i can surf internet but not wechat please debug this .
need a way to manage all the image video that get download to local device storage . i'm run out of space on internal storage . if i select a user i would like an option to delete all of their image but keep the message history . right now i have to select each image to delete . also i'd like a feature to set wechat to only use x mb gb of storage space or set day like 30 60 90 manual etc . day on my phone . auto delete old photo after a set limit would be nice to keep the application from use all internal storage . one other feature that would be nice for those with external sd card and that would be to allow image video to be store on external storage instead of main phone memory . thank .
i have a question for you , wechat . as an app that's rat , everyone , how can you allow blatant untaxed cigarette seller and prostitute to freely sell their war in the feature people nearby if you're actively involve in stop such people from use your app as an medium for illicit trade , you fail . if you're do it passively , you also fail . i have report many time to only see nothing be do . perhaps your view on prostitution be ok . then please change your rat to 18 .
dont belive abut the balnce .
i have to constantly uninstall and reinstall it due to it fail to launch after about a week of use . i lose all my chat history and photo unless i back up the latter to my hard drive . it be fast when it work and send file quickly but it can be a pain to constantly reinstall the app and start over . scar i might miss a message from someone very important .
my message be not get deliver to friend in friendlist since yesterday . first in even i be connect with wifi , message be not get deliver then i switch to data network message be get deliver . and since today morning even message be not get deliver on data pack too . i be in uae use etisalat network . please check if wechat too get block in uae or still allow .
i have to constantly uninstall and reinstall it due to it fail to launch after about a week of use . i lose all my chat history and photo unless i back up the latter to my hard drive . it be fast when it work and send file quickly but it can be a pain to constantly reinstall the app and start over . scar i might miss a message from someone very important .
em . not very fast to view moment . but it ok for me .
everything be easy and fast to use .
the nearby people be not work as it keep say it cant find my current location and i have try all configuration and the phone gps be work and read my location perfectly , even map show my exact location . also verification message never arrive have to use call .
hope you add a pop up msg option . it would be nice . plus online offline . so i can see if my contact be online or offline . and less space consumption please . thank .
love it .
very good .
. why do my wechat can't be open when i'm be log in .
this app i really like and enjoy it .
i cannot get notification when get message come in , pls fix , tq .
but now . after update download cannot open this we chat .
i cannot open it at all . even more than 5 time i uninstall n reinstall it back . help me .
enjoy the apps , i always use it , not much complicate than other apps .
i only can see moon . why .
get more free emoticon in .
can't log in . try uninstall and reinstall many time . when i type in password . it say too many option , try again later . what the hell be that suppose to mean don't have this problem with other chat apps .
i can't open the application after update it .
connect with r frnds n stranger's .
why i must always redownload again . when i open up after download , it automatically close . why how can i use this app if it always shutdown like this .
not bad .
every attention here this app cause hang in my phone after i uninstalled it my device run smooth .
i love it .
nothing . its to large app for my phone .
best app .
connect very easy with family .
why i cant download wechat . always give me an error .
good stuff .
nice this appointment im happy .
i cannot open the application after instal it . i keep do reinstall and instal it . same . not work .
very good application .
app log me out then i have to recover my account after log back in . work once but not second time . i'm use nexus 5 in us .
this app be good . but if it have last see option than it would have be better .
hi . some problem with we chat evrytime i open the app it say check service or connect to network . plz check on the issue .
why i cannot log in . again in my we chat can you plss help me to fix it . tnx .
when i connect to internet it's not connect some server error be come so i be disappoint .
you should add a option to view your friend , friend so you can add then but have a option to allow people to view them or not .
simple , easy , effective , the easiest and coolest app people on the go n . n .
love it so much .
when i open this app its so slow and cannot open this please repair it .
its unbelievable i cannot open my wechat account i unstalled and install but it doesn't work please help me to open it .
i m just irritate from it . the app be not start from that even i can't make an unistall becase i m not able to sighout from it .
i love .
upgrade read and unread mark message . add love sticker more .
it tell it give the recharge of rs 250 by send of sticker it do not give any of the rs guy dont download it worst app ever .
fake balance please unstall the wechat chutiya banate hai sale log .
not good .
worst ever experience .
doesn't give recharge for send sticker in the group . world's worst app . don't download it guyz .
not bad at all .
when i install it will say errorilove wechat .
i didnt get single peny as u mention in it that recharge of rs 250 be available just send sticker in a group till 26 july dont cheat people for your advertise immandari se kamao jara .
already update and always lag i love the old and first wechat than this new one update . update . and always lagg .
i don't know why suddenly block my account and cannot open again . i'd so many time to open , the report be always busy .
i'm not able to change my display pic . it say . unable to upload .
people nearby dont work use of gps enable , suck .
nice i be love this app .
we chat .
please make wechat have online its more better .
please update the version . it doesnot tell us who online and offline . npt even that other person have read the message or deliver to him or not . make me bore .
it's not work for my family . it be show that no internet connection . but why plz fix it . plz .
always network error the fuss .
why i cannot open again my we chat can you plss help me to open it . tnx .
play store .
past few hour i can't access my account with mobile data .
but if we get know they read or not its more better .
love it .
very good .
i love it .
what be we chat tencent pegi3 i can't download .
im really hope that there's something the devs can do to rectify this problem . im give 2 right now .
the only reason i use it because it don't have the receive , see and last online notification , that's the only different with whatsapps . if you need to do serious work , go for whatapps . sometimes we still need wechat to chat with certain person , so that you can avoid reply message when you be busy and avoid unnecessary conflict with your friend .
it gotta an error while open so i think to reinstall it now i can't sign in . could you guy please fix it .
welk the app ain't work it say my network be bad but all other apps consume net be work fine all browser n your rival message apps fix this please will u or here i'll have to press the uninstall button hope u listen to this .
i need help , someone use my cellphone to download this app but use another name not mine for the account , it be link to my cellphone number . how do i delete so that i can make another one that be my own .
nice chat , i love it .
when i first sign up after sometime it say that u have log in via unofficial we chat then i unblock it and again it say the same . i make another account it say the same . plz help me recover my first account .
nice but , why the emoji turn into the yellow colour .
i'm forget my password , and try to login by sms also cannot .
i cant open now because of the update .
why must use more space in memory . shit . n i hope u can make we can see who on9 n off9 .
im not sure of i be stupid but its just not work in an iconia acer tab .
i can't use people nearby with my new phone .
knnot open .
if wechat can send video at moment it will be super greater .
exo got7 fight .
i hope wechat will have dark theme .
wow . excellent . i be from srilanka . i love wechat . it help me great with my gemstone business .
i just send my pic in my moment and suddenly its unable to send my current pic . why .
love be app .
i want give 5 star . but in wechat we can't know how many friend online .
while access reward it be show sever failure .
see above .
my wechat have be hack . urmm .
all be well just some improvement require with time .
it would be better if you could add feature to see if your friend be online or offline like whatsapp . and most importantly be to add a feature to notify wheter the message have be read or not .
good application i always use it like everyday instead of other similar apps . but one problem , suddenly i cant use it anymore , it keep on say failure to connect the server . i change the number coz i travel to other country and yet its seem not work anymore . please help me , how to connect and use it again , if i cant sign up anymore .
how to use wecht on laptop .
i cant open wechat on my phone . i think it be just for a while i keep all my message till 4883 and i cant open it anymore . can you please help there's a lot of memory there . i mean my chat with my old friend .
very nice .
i like wechat .
very helpfull .
wechat aap be marvellous no other aap to compare with this . i suggest ma friend and all my friend be use this one .
i don't know what's wrong with that suddenly i can't get online through wifi . my wifi connection be ok .
can't find the photo in the album , i have save them in after the latest update , fix immediately pls .
i like .
i have a problem , which be that wechat log out my account automatically , and i want to log in , it say too many operation how can i deal with this problem please fix it .
every time i open we chat it say we chat be not respond , pls help .
from this morning we chat stop to work in uae . why need a vpn service to login and use we chat . please make a permanent solution for this so uae user can use we chat and it's all feature without any extention application . it's good app to communicate with friend family . i give 2 star just bcoz it's need extention to use this app other wise i give it 10 5 .
message take time to send receive . sometimes it take day or when i open wechat , then the message receive . pls fix this .
i have register a new number for wechat account but it ask to verify friend with all be not in my friend list .
its okay .
every few hour i don't use it , it ban my account and i must again and again restore it with my phone number and sms . no thank . i'll remain happy user of skype , whatsapp and surespot . 3 time activate my account by sms code in just 24h of use .
one of the best .
it be good .
why cannot install it . it always appear error cannot install due to unknown disruption 24 . what's that mean . before this i'm a good wechat supporter . why but why . how can u show me the step really need your help . please .
i can't install we chat again . it say we chat error there be insufficient space on the device . what should i do .
its a awesome .
love it .
i love this app and it be very useful i enjoy use it but the main thing be when i use my emojies it doesnt work it say error can u plz change and try to fix that i would appreciate and why don't u start add colour bubble to it instead of green .
dear wechat . i'm just instal back my acc but when i open it , it just show me an image of the moon . i love to use wechat but it make me like these . so sad .
unable to connect and send msg . show server access failure in uae .
i barely get start with this app . i manage to add some friend and have a few short conversation . i be automatically log out later that night . when i log back in the next day , my password didn't work . i reset it , then find out that somehow i get ban . no questionable language , no offensive content . it say i be log in use an unofficial version of we chat , but this be the only app i use . i be lock out . not useful .
tell me to maintain free balance and redeem on the followng date . but at last they give me only 20rs .
need a high resolution picture and high quality video during sight .
aswom application , i want same like whatssp because here . be i don't know who be online who be offline , my msg read ya not .
when i shake my phone only show no result find . 4 time reinstall apps back but nothing can help .
i uninstall wechat than install again . i lose all my chat history . how to get back help me to get back the conversation .
wechat be not respond hatee .
hahahaaha this be the most beautiful app i ever install .
easy to use . and it be unique to use that's why be it awesome .
only moon on display . pless fix it . i cant log in .
oh it be so lovely bose .
love it .
i can't scroll down moment after new update yesterday . why please help me . tq .
love it .
its awesome i like it too much .
slow for 512 memory mobile .
last update . network always error even the wifi be connect .
cool app that connect people realtime online .
please fix it as soon as possible . thank you .
super app .
nice app .
just try to do .
i can't download my wechat . what happen .
unable to download .
nice app .
it always display a moon only . how i want to log in please fix it . i love this appliction .
false promotional offer .
earlier wechat show that u will get rs . 230 amount , u just have to send sticker in group . after send whole month , it be give amount as a discount on purchase on sit which we never use ever and we don't want to purchase anything . we just want free recharge of talk value .
we chat .
waste app slow even on 3g and over wifi , unable to redeem money , don't install it waste of time and money .
love it .
promotion by fraud mean donot download .
when im go to upload my image , then the wechat will crash , fix this pls miui6 redmi 1s .
it be very good version because people not see any person online i love it .
love it .
even i hv enquire in werewards site . but no use . no reward r gtg just ft name sake thy r sayinh reward waste of net pack . finish of send sticker fr 25 day but if i click on redemption also no use n nt wrking .
i create a sticker but it come out too small . i already resize it but it didnt work . it's still small .
when i use the shake service . i want to meet people in my country reigon or around it . not people from the other side of the earth . please add an option for the region in shake service . thank .
i cant open my wechat after i format my phone . solve the problem please .
i love this app .
so nice .
worst app .
bull shit app . cheat people by fake advertisement on offer . when i use line app it give me free recharge offer . at the end of ten or fifteen day i can recharge by redeem the money . in wechat it advertise 150 free recharge . but after 25 day use it , now it's ask me to install citrus app and get 50 cashback on 50 recharge for three month . i get 150 on recharge for minimum 150 . i get this offer on mobikwik or other recharge apps directly . why the f k i have to use your app to get these offer i don't want offer for jabong or naaptol . these offer i can get in any online website . i be very unhappy and i be frustrate by use your app . uninstalling wechat . line be better than wechat . my suggestion be not to use wechat .
everytime i click the icon it keep back to home screen . i've uninstall and install it but still same . and i download it at my tab . i can open it but why i cant open it on my samsung note please help me . thank in advance .
waste of post sticker . they really ruin the promise . don't use this chinese product and the chinese again make us fool . don't download .
it would not let me add my friend and it's say he do not exist why .
it's awesome the way to connect .
it say i can't send voice chat anymore . and it want me upload something and all . er please do something .
i love wechat all feature in one app best video call best voice call best in live sticker .
please give notification when message be deliver , read , or pending .
not open . stop at 1st look .
i like it .
i love it .
nice app .
why my wechat cannot be downlod . please help me .
this apps help me to communicate my husband .
u say that we can recharge for that money . but where be the recharge option . fuck .
why i cant open this app .
wechat have tell that on july offer we will get 150 rs . cashback on 50 rs . recharge but there be 150 on 150 payment and also in 3 month . which be too much . also there offer partner citrus cube's app doesn't work . such a ridiculous offer . very pathetic work do by wechat . they have cheat all people this time . not satisfy this time . never expect with wechat .
thxs report more after a week .
what kind of ur service be that whole month i send sticker even on 25 july my free balance be 190 but on 26 july iwhen i be try to redeem it . it show just 20 plz take care of this and refund my balance .
i like it .
please fix my wechat . photo and msg be lose .
i like this app , but why i can't save sight , so please how can i save sight from my friend . thank .
i cant install this app . error code 909 . whats that mean i really like tis application .
why aftet download can't use .
it's suppose to be just an ordinary to me instead its awesome maybe i'm wrong or never notice the new version so i've to try one .
nice but line be bettet .
its good .
or delete my account .
when i whas in china viber wasnt work so i find out this beutiful app do video call . normal call stikers same consept like viber only that have video call .
hey wechat , can i make a suggestion you know when you say birthday cake fall from the screen my friend and i talk about it and we think it would be better if the cake fell but then they pile up at the bottom for a few second and then disintegrate after a while . we would really love it if you would consider our suggestion .
i can even open the app .
show who be online .
get a few friend on here and its a good app , message don't always go through on time though , even though i have a fast wifi connection . once that's fix it will be 5 star .
how can i open flash when i do video call .
stick at load screen after update .
i make many account here but after log in the account my account get block or an unofficial app message appear
i want to change my id , cos'my id be typo . please give me chance .
i be log in via facebook in old version now i can't .
blady thing don't work keep show a guy and a moon and do nothing just stay like that .
very cool .
block in group contact not work . even if it be block , message still come . need to fix this sooner .
do i need to save their number in my contact of i just need to find their name .
after update , i cant open my wechat anymore
what the hell be go on i have do all what i have to do . but now my free we reward can't be redeem .
yo m love it .
delete account option be much need .
shake pull only chinese people .
nice app .
5 star i bagi uolls .
u say . we ll get reward of balance but now . its not work . hate this .
love it .
its good .
but , why when i be shake my phone to find someone i find only a lot of arabic people i want to find more people from other country . but i'm happy because arabic be sweet .
hii team i m not able to search people nearby can you help me .
crash . crash and always crash when i browse for photo continue crash stop work crash .
i can't open the app .
i have a problem with we chat . i'm open it . wen i try to find people nearby . its say unable to find my location . how to fix it .
what happen why i can't open this apps . before i can open but from yesterday i can't open what the hell about it come on . whats go on .
very useful .
very nice .
highly recommend many thank to the developer .
you need more learn . about app .
why my wechat can't view photo but keep load send from other .
why it take so long time when we log in please fix it asap .
why so suddenly can't log in my wechat account try it many time already . but really can't what should i do for can play again my wechat .
i love it .
i love it .
wechat would be more great if we can see who online and offline . go wechat team .
how can see who online or offline .
so great .
cool app .
my mobile phone be xolo 6x play 10 i be not get option to find near by people plz solve this problem and tell me why be it happen thank you .
i love you .
love it .
it be really excellent app for communication .
useless app . attract us by give balance , but at last , there be nothing . feature be also value less . totally value less app . what's app be so many better than we chat . it be not just able to get at least one star .
i be unable to get balance even i have do my daily activity .
i've to wait for 3 4 minute to open it .
i never see best massage app compair to this .
well satisfy with this app .
cannot open the apps , quit by itself , pls fix it . thks .
why be it i cant open my wechat . all i can see you the globe .
text voice video send image chat with local and international love one . more there ya go .
please allow application data backup for helium backup app .
i can't sight . i be tell that my sight be block . why .
i very like use thia app . it's very easy , beautiful and simple . but , i hope you will add some feature like pop up message on screen while we play game , use another app or while we lockscreen our smartphone . and i will rate wechat 5 star . i hope you add that feature . i love wechat . keep it update .
good . love it .
i wonder why all of a sudden my greet wont work . when i use the people nearby feature and let it sit idly while i'm asleep for sure i will get lot of message . but right now it just don't work . tell me why and resolve it and i will give 5 star .
i have not use but from my colleague who be use it give good recommendation of it be yet to try it .
hope it can see the last online coz i don't know if my boyfriend hide there and do video chat with others . so just 3 star .
as it be not even 1 star this no deserve be try to get it up and run on my phobe for a hour now and it keep tell me the code they send me be incorrect mi delete and reinstall and still shit . impress mi please .
unfortunately the link you give do not help at all . it never have any problem on any of my device before .
good and nice app .
five star .
need blue tick read like whatsapp .
from more then 1 month people nearby be not work properly in my mobile every time it's show that no location find plz try again .
but can you tell me how to install .
video call .
to wechat , stop be a cheapskate from prevent others to delete their wechat account dictator .
i have email wechat to delete account . no response . my account be still live . line chat , kakaotalk , viber have an option to delete account integrate within the app . wechat do not . email support doesn't work . wechat say they care about privacy , then please offer an account deletion option under my account . email support several time and no confirmation reply . why do many chat apps make it so difficult to delete your own account if they supposedly care about your privacy .
easy to chat with my family .
please extend the duration to take moment .
nice app .
sometimes it cannot be refresh , then i have to uninstall and install it back .
i cannot operate it after few month .
very nice .
you guy should include the feature weather the other person be online or not and weather they have receive and read the message like whatsapp . i will give 5 star . there be also problem in find people nearby .
i can't log in or sign up . i can't use . useless .
nice app .
good . you know for people who love collours . and deliver message quickly too base on your carrier . in all its special .
great , but my android phone can't and video anymore thru wechat .
where do the pencil pilot i'm go to game , and there be no pencil pilot . can you tell me how to go to pencil pilot .
i instal it for more than 3 time . but it stick at the image of moon .
like it .
please update last see feature and show who be online offline .
i haven't use my wechat in a while . i download it this morning and i try to use it but i can't even pass the load with the kid look at the earth part . why be that .
still didn't fix it when choose photo to post , the file name doesn't much the photo album . on samsung galaxy 5 . also why you have to post an photo before you can express your post .
why wechat have remove the option of people nearby .
notification come very late and app be get network issue plzz fix it .
fight'yfinding thumb thankful track .
wonderfully do .
i like wechat i want install please thank you .
love it .
i prefer hike among all this type of apps .
they provide monthly reward but even after do it for a month the balance i can see at the end of the month be 0 .
need more improve because if so many masagge come my phone will hang plz make some improve . thx .
pick up wrong location .
it's better be you can add see on every message . to know . who read your message and to know who be online or offline .
very good app .
why i cannot open my wechat everytime i try to open it , it won't load . it stucks on the earth picture why please help me fix it .
i love this app . keep up .
cant even download .
think , definatly good .
hope that the text update in moment can be edit after it have be post . it's really irritate when you type something then after you post it , you know you have wrongly write it . then you have to copy it back , delete the previous post . then open back text place , need to paste it and edit it . then post it back . you need to repeat it twice sometimes more . so , its much more easy if wechat team could do the same function as other competitor like fb ig by put an edit button . tq .
nice to have it .
i be award 250rs from we chat team and now how to retrieve my 250rs free talktime .
always cant open slight to watch what happen .
very useful , but its lose sound notification , just vibrate so i can't rely on it . this happen with the latest update . i've try change the notification sound but nothing work .
nice app .
i lose all my data chat . wtf i have crash so many time .
i have install whatapps and instagram and then my wechat gonna wrong . i don't why . anyone can explain to me .
although its awesome app but i don't know why its not work properly . i have to install it after every 2 day . first time i have see such problem with an app .
almost every thing be good .
after the update of my mobile xiaomi red i cannot see any picture or video that people send me , cannot send any pic or video and cannot see moment pic . i use wechat also for work , please help me fix this problem asap the rest be all fine .
please upgrade so we can change the group's picture .
i can't get in for quite awhile now after update . keep on stick at the moon picture and not respond . uninstalled and reinstall it , now it keep stick at log in it's annoy .
i couldn't believe the chinese company will protect my privacy .
this be really nice .
i really like it .
love it .
nice app .
i couldnt find friend nearby optiin plz clear this problem as soon ascpossible .
after update my wechat cant open . when click it automatic jump to homepage . please fix it .
very simple message apps , but why if i shake people only one by one people show answer it .
i love you .
please add online or offline to easy for us i will give five star after update it .
update suck its say no mem . card cant see photo at all .
i like it .
i cant open my wechat now . please fix this .
hello why i cant sight .
why i cant use voice message . at the begin it okay , but suddenly voice message have problem . can you fix it .
always crash and i have to uninstall and reinstall , really annoy me .
could not login use facebook account . keep prompt message facebook connect be not available now . sign up with your mobile phone number . i have send the message thru email and facebook message to wechat support , why no one response .
its nice app but cant open i instal this app but cant opeaning only that moon picture be come plz do something .
for a group max of 500 people be still not enough if can make it more thank you .
i always can't go into wechat , i need uninstall again again to go in , pls help me fix it .
line slow and always logout . pls fix it . tq .
other people can't see me in people nearby . please help me to solve this problem . i believe that other people have this problem too .
i have a problem to sigh in i have try so many time , don't know what be go on can u help me .
this be very good app .
my girl leave me for another man i try to live my life without her , sometimes its so hard for me to move on . but i try my best . harder .
its good but there be a problem in verification shoe error .
android apps should use android's design , at least i think so we need md , circle portrait , and so much slide gesture and your team have the plan to do these please answer it , thx .
love it .
love it .
nice app .
i hope we can see who be online offline . it be better right . i love this app .
not good at all . waste if time .
after i do an update for the latest version of wechat . the app keep on restart . i can't even open it . i need to go to my setting and do force stop . i love this app . this help a lot . wechat support i know you can do better than this . i need to uninstall it and instal it again it work but not too long , the app go back to the same issue as i mention above .
cannot open it after update . it stick at earth logo . fix it as soon as possible please . galaxy user .
easy to use .
just show moon never . cant open . help me plezz .
i give 4 star because i can't see who be online . do something about it .
i cannot download it .
shake be not available in sony xperia t2 ultra . why it say ur device do not support this functio .
why do it keep ban my account say it's not official wechat app . zz .
very good .
i have update everything still it doesnt load more than the startup scene with earth . uninstalled and instal 10 time .
love it .
why my account cant open and why must one time for one number phone can unblock our account . so hard to find my old friend because my old account that block from other shit people .
very clear vedio call amaze .
could not open how can open it .
i'll love it .
very good .
nice app .
we chat .
i like it .
there no sound on my sight moment . how to settle it .
i be not able to get back my all image which i be post on wechat .
its happen all the time the problem . i dont know why . even the speed of wifi and also data dont get the notification . please fix my account . asap . or i'll rat the more star . thank .
cant open the we chat . it just show the picture of the earth .
love it .
good app .
i can find more friend and learn many language .
reduce size of your app .
mst h yr .
jus a black screen so uninstalled n try to reinstall n nt able to reinstall it worst app .
when i open wechat , wechat close it automatically . i cant even read message . and after i uninstalled wechat im unable to reinstall back .
i cant open it , it say have be stop , it happen oftenly . plis get it right .
could make it like iphone , can fast forward adjust the video then perfect for android .
nice would be good if there's like a whatsapp thing where you could know if someone be spell .
why load very slow .
ok tq .
this be worth .
i can't open my wechat sometimes and need to reinstall , thus always lose chat history don't know what's my friend chat before . hope wechat can store chat history for us . no need always upload now it show package file cannot be sign , how to do .
if can see who be online , and last time like whats app .
awesome . recommend for all to use wechat .
nice app .
i love this apps .
after i update , i can open my wechat . i want my acc back . please .
best app .
communication app in we chat .
like this app so much , in this app , i have a lot if new friend and i meet the half of my heart ,
see first how .
let us see the new genretion its about the modern world .
very awesome app .
i like it .
this be best app in the world i love it .
i like it .
we can post sight , picture but we cannot post video . can you make something so we can post video in moment xd .
must install , it will never disappint u .
hat it .
very useful .
can't deactivate account and also change wechat id after create the account . please fix it . thank .
i hope that we can see if the message have be send and see .
i hate apps that still need your mobile number to register . what about the people that doesn't have mobile phone .
i like this .
i cant use the latest version , cant even open it .
the thing be this thing cant download faster i hat it .
i like this .
it take too much space , please make it smaller , only download important thing , optional setting can be download in the app .
i unable to access my wechat since 22 7 15 , what be the problem all the while be ok n good , but now i totally cannot view anything .
very good .
it's way cooler than i think .
cannot log in it take forever and ever . keep load . almost 10 time instal and uninstall after update please fix this .
many of my friend lose after i open my wechat in my new phone . please fix it . they think that i remove them from my friendlist .
nice apps .
i find the fighter lady .
hi team . if you can increase the limit of drify bottle daily . i will it 5 .
nice but have some trouble plz help me .
talk to right people .
why can't i use the nearby people option my gps be on but still it fail to locate my position and i have try it with two different handset htc desire 820s and symphony w98 but same result please fix this .
after i format my phone and reinstall wechat , it keep hang at moon background . i can't even log in .
whatsapp be the best it doesn't even show who be offline or online .
i experience stucking on the world page for a few time already a day my problem didnt solve i'd already say out my problem , i hope today can solve it i'm very miss to use wechat .
love it .
wth . be disz show your blue earth picture al the day . i hv be wait for half an hour to make this open . but wechat be not open a page what knida err be it after this new updation .
thats right my fellow stupid smart phone user now my hunger have be banish from my body and soul just by use wechatt to mechat .
it's okay because i always try to find my new friend , but now i can't install . i very sad
very nice i love it .
why bother .
3g video call only nice apps .
short and sweet , your people nearby function totally suck ass , it almost never work , add a function where you can pinpoint the location , and find people nearby that way , the functionality of that feature be bull . do not recomend .
keep it up guy . love to use this everyday .
to stop me from use several apps that do the same or similar thing can you make this app as good as them . viber leave colourful and blank emoticon on device occupy space and voxer , you cant load message that have be send in past . havent try this in wechat yet .
can i change id for 3rd time and please make like whatsapp to see whose online or not plus read report .
i love this app .
whenever i try to download it , it say error . please fix this and i will give 5 star .
wow . its awesome .
open until the front page , then it close .
love it but , i cant chat with my friend . because i cant send message to them , . when i send , it say send . i wait for a few hour and its still not send . and its not my internet or wifi problem .
it's a great app but sometimes it will be hang , and the space in my phone be not enough , so i delete it . i think the gb that use to download need to be more less .
more than just message . video call , voice call and sticker be cool . try out .
it's eassy to use .
good apps .
i can't see people near by option , i have try by uninstalling again instal it , also by switch account , didn't work .
dear wechat team , my account be compromise , so better work on this type of issue .
love it .
good app .
i think i already download this wechat for 10 time . always the same problem . memory ram still get a lot of space . but still lagg . use it for few month then it start to show the world pic then go to my phone menu . please wechat team . please fix this problem . i like to use wechat because its easy to use .
do the people need the app tho .
have download twice , and my app icon will just disappear after reboot my phone it suck .
i hve already instal it before . but when i log in gor a second time , its stucked and only show a picture of a moon for a very long time . then i uninstalled it . and try to instal it again . but it end up the samething . so please fux it . or else .
not nearly as interactive as watsapp . send message to wechat team more than a week ago , still no response . no use for this app if you have watsapp .
last night can use well but this morning cant open le can fast solve .
i unable to access my wechat since 22 7 15 , what be the problem all the while be ok n good , but now i totally cannot view anything .
love alot this app . but only one problem be we can't see who be in onlin and also last see of friend . please provide this feature in wechat . it will help us to use smoothly .
but i cant install now . please help me we chat . when i istall this app error will happen . what i can do . tell me the option to install it now . i be wait 4 u .
hi . why be i cannot send any voice not anymore .
nice app .
hey go i updat i can not open so i uninstal and instal back it be the same .
i want to use this app nd enjoy their feature .
very good .
nice app .
ton of creeper call you . get out of here with that .
i like i have nice people on there some popular people say you gross .
plz give ur phone number .
it seem okay now i can communicate with my boss every time he go to china its good .
love u .
this be very good app .
now i can't chat my friend . wow i like .
i can not sign up . i try many time its still cannot . it keep say verification error .
why do wechat automatically save random picture onto my phone this happen more than 5 time . i be so upset i uninstalled wechat . reinstall this morning and the same issue happen again .
close a few second after launch .
and what give you can't delete your account afterwards worst app beware inaccurately display people near you regret sign up for this .
keep it up .
it isn't instal what should i do .
after download dis app . only thing i can c be de earth n de man . i wait for long time . but no use . i cant open my acc . plz do somethin . c .
when i shake to get friend result but there appear just 1 person in 1 time shake result but i need more people in result of 1 shake as like previous version i'm too old user of wechat i love it but plz make it more good .
i love this application for me five star .
its fine lately but now it's shut down by it's self whenever i click on this app so i have to uninstall then install it back that's really waste my data and time sometimes its upset me and annoy me hm i love this app so much so please fix it fast hm .
i dont know why i can't open my wechat . it always stop at the pic world with human .
it stick for the million time .
if i know my message deliver or not will be good improvement as it be in any other apps like wechat .
not able to make video call . plz suggest something . say unable to access camera .
cool sticker nd clear voice .
it so suck .
when i update to the new version i cant even enter wechat it stick in the earth picture . pls fix it .
i like this app . but the app size be big . please reduce the app size .
i've email support multiple time over the course of two week , but have yet to receive even one reply back from them . none of my question be answer on their site and message wechat just get you a bot . to anyone read this don't sign up for wechat if you're expect even a minimum amount of customer service .
keep update the wechat best of luck .
why everytime when i'm use the people nearby function , their picture will be automatically store and save in my internal device and all be in every single folder need to delete the picture one by one this be so annoy when the unwanted thing in my device . please fix these thing .
all this year use wechat . very satisfy .
it be hang with picture of moon or the earth . it be just a waste of time to reinstall it as it wont work .
last year i sign up n it very good app . but then i uninstall bcoz somthg . but now why i can not log in and sign up it keep show verifivation 5 , 1 what that it mean .
like it .
good interface and experience but some thing be miss like to see offline last see etc .
the app be good . but one thing be i'm unable to change my profile picture . it say , unable to upload profile photo .
i cannot not open after i update new version .
wechat team , this be my 5th time to reinstall back the wechat . i face 5 time of same problem which be get stick on the moon load screen . come on i think wechat be great .
very nice and useful .
i can download wechat .
how about add a function to delete all the picture download .
nice app to chat .
thank for all .
nice apps . but apps need to make more lite and smooth .
not show online friend no read message symbol and name change option should be minimum 3 only ur option unlimited very bad .
sometimes videocall become blur .
i experience stucking on the world page for a few time already a day i don't want to lose all my message i'll give 5 star if this problem fix .
dear team hope that u can solve this problem . due to some reason i cant use wechat all the time , so it will be normal if i dint open wechat apps for day or even week . do not know for what reason it will auto log out my account or the msg send to me cant receive after inactive for day or week . i try to relogin but it even worse that i will stick on log in page for an hour . have no choice but reinstall , but all my previous conversation have go . face this problem for once and now second time .
why we cannot se the pepole if that be online or offline please fix please .
be there a way to know wether the message have be read by the person .
i've stick at the moon for a long time , and at last wechat its not respond notify show . i m also reinstall many time and it's go fine and after 2 or 3 day use , it will stick at the moon and the notify will show . same thing will happen after reinstall . before this problem i'm use it very well . please . i still try to use and i just uninstalled and reinstall back for now .
why i be not get people nearby option in discover column for new version .
keep up the good job improve more . thank .
love it .
people nearby feature be not show people near to me and shake feature be too slow and not show accurate result lot of fake ids .
good app .
i can't open my wechat . everytime i click to open it's go back to home screen and it's not work at all . how could i open my wechat .
hay guy really such good apps for voice and video call . and video call also super clear . i m enjoy with this apps . i like it . keep it up all and use this apps .
i cannot send or receive message since today . i try logout then login , power off then power on my phone , and update wechat to the latest version , but the problem pesists .
it be universal . very good by me .
always cannot log in .
i wish we can able to change or edit our id name .
affing awesome 1 .
but still have room for imprvement . if the user cansee who s online this app might defeat fb .
why sometimes cannot open the wechat .
please help . before update its work perfectly .
wtf be that .
very useful aap .
after download n use a few time , i always get stick at the globe . then i hv to re install n will happen again .
i just love this app so much because of its feature and offer . this app be very special .
i've have to do a hard reset on my phone and now the verification number won't even come through on the note 4 , something i'm do wrong or .
amaze man . i mean i really love it .
why i cant open for ver6 . 1 i can open it without any problem . but when i update it and open the application it wont open . please fix it .
i use this app regularly to chat with my brother since he live abroad . the best part be all of the emoticon . theyre so much fun .
good apps .
amaze app with great feature . must bring your charger with you .
every time i download it , the next day i cant open it why .
recently she find that wechat keep log out automatically and she lose all conversation , can you help her to restore the conversation back .
i cant find my old group after log out .
great apps .
in shake it option wrongly distance see . mostly fake distance see . nw shake it option be of .
good app .
now i can't chat my friend .
very easy to use .
nice app .
my sticker become smaller after i update new version . and the storage for sticker be limit for 150 only , that's crazy . i don't like it .
it be not work . i hv instled it bt it be not respond .
i like this apps cause it be very easy to send massage or call our friend with wifi .
good . , fuck yeah .
it gurau all the very cutest sticker that i love the most .
its crash when i try to open it . i need to uninstall then install it again . for the first time its okay . but when i use it for a week . its happen again . please fix this .
dont download problem with everything it also have virus my phone have to be replace as it have corrupt the system .
because it overcome my bore time . hahax .
sticker size too small bigger please . you know what they say . bigger be better lol .
if i can see my frd offline online and see they read my msg or not . this app will be great . pls make it better . thx .
can't you guy fix the problem i post for . this be call tyranny of you cheap mind creep once you get the fame you don't care for people's request .
nice app .
if wechat can have a draw or paint and we can send our draw and paint . ill rate wechat five start and invite all my friend to install wechat . ok . thank for who read my comment .
my custom sticker not show in chat bar but in sticker gallery bug or what huh .
after my redmii os be update , i can no longer see photo .
love it .
not work what wrong .
we chat .
nice app .
it amaze me wow it be great .
nice . but somebody help me to know my freind if online offline .
very useful .
love . keep this app forever absolutely amaze . voice call be clearer than regular call on a phone . so cool .
easy way contact with friend .
ilike this app soo much .
properly work .
can't send out message update moment for an whole day .
i cant open . stick at intro . the globe picture .
very good .
this apps very cool n i love it .
verry goog can send many cute picture .
if i can see someone online or offline as whasapp its better .
after update i be unable to select job in the new job pop up window in m4jam . please fix asap .
its not very good its just ok .
it load when i enter id password too long . while i can play youtube . line doesnt matter . my phone also not lag as well . why then i also update this app . my phone be asus zenfone 5 . 4 . 4 . 2 android tq .
not bad .
can i know why my wechat send message to friend and my friend always can't read or see my message .
i love it bt my mobile couldnt be download how can i get it .
its really bad when it keep update .
like decent conversation .
but i love it .
not to much emotion .
it use device information such as phone number , device location . imei number , call history .
now i can video call and see my girlfriend in taiwan .
its awesome .
it be say application can not be instal in the default install location why .
i be only eleven and these creepy guy keep come on to me i would not recommend this app at all .
this application for a richar .
why can't open . if this open now i rate 10 star .
nice one .
it be not even open . when i open it close . fix this please otherwise 5 star .
its be work well until a week ago . it wouldn't open . after uninstalling and re instal also it just won't open i don't know what the problem be .
idiot we chat .
love it .
we chat .
welcome we chat .
not so good .
please check on the above complaint . i even post it on the support team of the application . but no revert come for the issue .
work in chaina .
but it take alot of memory .
everytime i open chat its close .
be you kid me . this application have no account delete option . i do a google search and i find that i have to send them email to delete my account . this be really lame trick .
i download it but it say error please fix this problem urgently becoz i really love wechat and i want to use it .
very simple to use .
why can't i disable game in setting while i never play them such an irritate feature leave nothing more than annoy ads .
wow the best .
salam reply my . email before i hate the rank to be 1star .
why do it keep on save user photo in my phone be there a way to stop it .
fuck this app .
force to install to get free whatsapp .
nice app .
i hope u can put when do other people online . more like the last see people onine . i'll keep my 5 star if u do so .
ohmygod im so happy with the new update now an android user can see every emoji thank wechat i love you .
i want to download this we chat .
have this be hack i constantly get log out , and have to reverify my password . durring this process i sometimes be direct to a page that look like the play store and im request to reinstall the app . also i try to log in via sms and be ask my license and passport info use caution i feel this app be very unsafe .
we chat .
this be very nice .
wechat have a function of save profile pic where u click a profile pic and can save to phone . now the save function be still there but pic be not be save in the phone . please fix it .
it say it work on any device , but only those that have a phone i want something to use on an ipod .
i ll be try .
the best .
great but if it can show who online and who doesnt it'll be awesome .
i have be yousing since long time . i would much appreciate if i able to see people online .
all over that be awsome app but add the feature of online or last see to know about it and talk when the other user be online .
to all user
guy u need to download dis app . it soo good and simple .
i cnt receive greet from people nearby .
i want to change my id . please do not fix the id user . give chance the user to change their id . not friendly user . try to fix this problem .
it cant be open , usually it can do it . but somehow i cant open it . always the guy star at the moon for almost an hour .
nice work app for texting and call .
just make it more fun i will keep my full star on if the up come update be good .
why my wechat can't install .
so nice .
on my divice .
i love this app i use it daily but it need to show if a message be hear and the ability to skip through certain part of a message . if you guy add these thing it would be perfect .
we chat .
please tell me how to deactivate the account .
people nearby be not work in mobile data it be work in wifi but not in 3g 2g mobile network . please solve the issue fast .
i love it very munch . amalinmalaysia . but please . please add that we can see people online or offline .
suddenly it stop work , it try to open then frequently it get close without any notification . please help .
thank for your support wechat y .
my wechat cant use .
make it easier to use on low end device . thank you .
i really love it but if i can see last see online its can make me feel excite .
good job . i get a lot of satisfaction from it . keep it go .
i can't change my whatsap status even i have save it . please reply .
it be fine till last 2 update . after update the people nearby feacher be not work it can't load my location but my gps be work fine . develpers please fix it asap i'm use samsung galaxy 8262 .
why it always force close please fix it .
nearby doesn't function through data .
when i open the app , my phone become lag .
it say my reagin be canida i try to fin the right one but didint . and when i put my password in it do not work .
why cant send out photo i will only give 1 star , please fix it as soon as possible worst .
a message come to me say that you have win 200 rs but didn't give me a single penny .
i cant open my wc after i update to 6 . 2 . 2 . help me pless .
i cant see my text have read or not . i hope ur update that .
very nice .
smart n thoughtful .
i can't open this app anymore after upgrade . i try to uninstall then i install it agait . it doesn't work . error download respond .
if can see now who be online offline like whats app receive or red than be more better .
why todayvi try to log in my id at computer . and then i try to log in at my phone he say my id be already ban . i click ok and then i put my number and then he say try another number .
i can't change my id . please wechat .
suck , bitch have install this suck app 4 time , but still not respond , fuck off .
after the recent update it doesnt open at all in my samsung s duo .
simple and powerful communication tool .
add more feature . can see who online offline then if i send message they recieved or read . other option be good enough better audio clarity good for vedio call seemingly good .
it shut down automatically . and have to download and again . suck .
why i can open my wechat the wechat have always show the moon and never open to fill username or password . fix it .
since i update it be not open , only the moon see on the screen , please fix it or else it would force me to give a negative riview on web .
very good . but when i log out , and i wnt to log in , cnnot log in . why .
love it .
love it .
error while download , . fix it please .
not havin option of bottle and people nearby .
app can link to facebook witch be surprise because of the rat . will change rat once fix .
why i can't open this app and why my chat history have all disappear .
why album cant be see .
so late .
yeh . love it . but it keep log out . why .
it's good but now it didin't show up moment . this just happen an hour ago . why .
there be to much download problem . plz fix it .
very nice app .
why no one reply my feedback im still cannot donwload the new sticker until now what be wechat problem .
it say we chat need to verify the account . even if i click the yes button no verify screen be open tell me how to verify even if i log in via sms , call and facebook , it still ask me the same do something . i want my account back . irritate .
very good .
make gp and earn money .
can't even load . too slow .
how to use wechat on desktop or laptop .
i have be use weechat for so many year , but suddenly it say i be use a unofficial weechat . and keep block after i retrieve my password . what do i do please help .
good and nice apps . we can chat when ever we want and make a free call .
it easy for me .
werry fast .
i can't open wechat use my phone .
like it .
. no word can show how good n excellent wechat be .
i can't even find the find people nearby in discover section .
can u help me i get stick at the picture with a big moon . its only stick on that . then it not respond .
nice app . but after send msg i it do not show delivery status and also not show whose online . please fix this two problms .
i cant log into my acc . i've try renew my internet package and everything's fine but the wechat app itself . i've uninstalled and re instal the app but i still cant log into my acc . please fix this .
this app be cool i can make video call with my friend , i can publish whatever i want , this great , not to say this but this fantastic app , they recommend .
nearby location didn't work .
i love it .
it be great apps bt some feature doesn't work in samsung grand 2 like a transfer , i have update version 6 . 6 . 2 bt how can i get full feature in my mobile .
i try to install and uninstall my wechat . i open my wechat its only globe i cannot see the conversation list . pls help my problem all conversation be allways delete .
nice app .
the video in bad quality .
i'm unable to find if the other person be online or offline or read my msg or nt so plz solve this il giv a 5 star fr tht .
how to backup old chat .
it doesn't work on loly pop .
why wechat cannot open at my phone please fix it .
try change design wechat , like add some new design , some people may bore at same design .
like this app please , download this app kindly .
please help me how to retrieve my old account even if i log in into my mobile number still i doesn't log in . please help me to fix this to retrirve my old account all my important contact be there .
get one message out . every time i go to log in it say unofficial version and won't recover via sms . if this isn't the official version what be .
i be try to purchase the new luhan sticker but it doesn't show on my phone nexus5 all i see be free sticker .
but now . after update download cannot open this we chat .
love it .
dowland wechat cause u can chat with ur friend and u can do video call with ur friend and it's free so must dowland it guy it be fun dowland it and you gonna felt happy .
call be ok but bulthooth not conect this be big problem plz fix problem .
im sorry but i cant get to the main screen . for some reason it just keep get stick on the moon . i love wechat but this be really be a pain . plss help me .
i want wechat like whatsapp , which we can know that some person be offline or online . also we can know that when the person be reply our massege with be type . tq .
it would be better if there be button to delete an account .
fuck off gud application can see sex .
cat and dog rain since morning .
everytime i try to open wsapp , it's always stick n 20 minute to open .
shake vibration not able to switch off . i already make it off from system set but still shake be vibrate .
its more interest .
with this app im able to talk to my friend on marvel future fight .
awesome app .
easy , fast and flexible real time message , voice call , videocall .
hey wechat , can i make a suggestion you know when you say birthday cake fall from the screen my friend and i talk about it and we think it would be better if the cake fell but then they pile up at the bottom for a few second and then disintegrate after a while . we would really love it if you would consider our suggestion .
its a very nice app .
i have problem with this app so i want to delete my account but it won't let me i don't even know how and i even email the people multiple time it say to , ask them to please delete my account but i never get a response . my request be simple why can't i just have it deactivate i be disappoint . i would give this app at least 3 star but no . it doesn't even allow you to delete your own account .
please help .
everything be fine until shake only show people from arab nation . wtf .
i think it will be k .
wechat very consistent , fast and realible .
i can see my sweet darling so clear when use video call better than skype . i love wechat more .
just waste my time and internet kuota to download this apps .
hello , i've get a problem here . i forget my password then i reset it , when i enter to log in . i smooth as u go but then there a chinese something want me to fill some requirement . the problem here be i don't understand chinese eventhou i change the language to english it still in chinese . , pls help i use this app to communicate my parent , . its okey if i remember their id . but i don't . huhuhu pls .
nice application . great job . keep it up . lol .
message send failure what have i do to deserve all this you don't want to talk to me again right retry .
no option to see who on line . and also there be no indication if message be see read . will support with 5 star when these two option be give . one more thing , the distance display be totally incorrect . when my friend seached . it be show i be 100m away , when i be just next to him .
but i cant log in acc since i be log out my wechat last week . i dont remember my old phone number and email to reset my password . also dont have qq id wechat . what should i do help me .
it be a different version of whatsapp .
when i shake to get friend result but there appear just 1 person in 1 time shake result but i need more people in result of 1 shake as like previous version i'm too old user of wechat i love it but plz make more good .
we couldn't see if our friend online or not so better you provide last see i hop that more perfect .
no new sticker for a long time , please add some new sticker soon .
wechat not sport blutooth handfree .
it be not work . i hv instled it bt it be not respond .
since long time i'm use wechat . recently when i reinstall this app it's not open .
it be not work today onwards please fix the problem .
i love it .
i can't install it keep on say a unknown error prevent it from be instal .
its uncomplete apps to deserve 5 star .
great app now with new out lay and graphic .
awesome app .
i hate it .
why not this app down load on my mobile .
what be wrong with my wechat its not work after the update . its keep hang on the world picture . please fix asap .
if you fix it i will rate 5 star .
you can never delete your account .
but if i can see who online or offline its better .
very good .
it's good .
i cannot get notification in real time . the notification only pop out after a few minute when i open it . how to fix it .
it's good .
hate this app when i'm on my fon . it be uninstalled .
this app very good for me .
this application work on gprs or 2g data for pakistan but after new update new version voice call be not clear but almost ok now i can call to we chat friend need to improve call on low internet data gprs or 2g thank we chat team for support .
why another people cant see my moment , i dit not block another person als cant watch my moment .
it work really great .
but i love it anyway .
i wont put any image as my profile picture i try 100 time .
it's an awesome app for communication , but i can not see wallet option in english version .
i have download it for 2 time . but after it have download . it disappear . please help me .
i download this app but it be not instal it fail to install it .
soo good app to chat .
i can't open it . i want an update please .
free video and voice call .
good but not best .
i like its discover option where we can meet n chat with new people .
when i open the gallery to post the moment , about 1 minute it will force close and i need to restart it again . plz fix it as fast as possible coz it make me hard to post my moment picture . sorry for the break english .
can you please make luhan sticker for free please . its so expensive in my country . i'll give you 5 star if you make luhan sticker free .
please upgrd to see they online last see status like ws'up . can you whechat tencent . please . tqvm .
it would be better if you could add feature to see if your friend be online or offline like whatsapp . and most importantly be to add a feature to notify wheter the message have be read or not .
it just show a picture of a moon . i try to solve my problem but it still same .
i really like wechat . but i dont no why my wechat always force close . when i first tine use it just fine until now . fix it .
i like this app so much .
wechat be so nice try it out .
vedio call .
no one from usa .
everyone's profile picture just go why .
i cannot download what's wrong in this app fuck .
wechat bug when i try to change a profile picture and wechat become lag in my phone .
can you please give our moment to send video i really appreciate it .
i must install my wechat again and again and again . why .
the start load so slow , its always show the earth then later on then the wechat be not respond . so many time to uninstall and install , but the same problem be still .
it be not work today onwards please fix my problem .
best chat app .
why my wechat always not support . pls help me fix it .
i install this app . when i open it . its always show the picture of the moon and can't let me to log in .
it be a wounderful app like whatsapp .
now i can't even open my wechat , my hp keep tell me that application failure . what be happen .
good use . it be easy to contact a friend .
before i update my wechat be nice and none problem after update then my wechat can not see anyone else profile picture pls fix it .
why i can't see who online nearly and in my country .
why i cant call use my wechat .
we chat be not work . it work till yesterday but now it be not work what be the reason reply me immediately .
i cannot open . when open , its close suddenly . whts happen . pls need some help .
some of my friend's profile picture didnt show up . it show guest picture .
love it .
i can't load my friend profile pic . my storage still free . i have uninstall and install back but it still remain the same .
next upgred please create that we can share a video post on moment . and please upgred the picture resolution we upload to wechat .
why wechat too many use space . i more like the ild version . not use too many space . please fix this problem .
why all my wechat contact have blank profile picture be that some kind of bug please fix it asap .
why its say block . not delete n remove . please . repair this wechat or upgrade . disappoint .
why i can't see my friend profile pic now until many day the problem still have .
please fix it .
my friend's profile picture all go one by one please fix it if you see my message , be it kind of virus really worry .
i unable to view all the profile photo include mine .
drift bottle , people nearby etc option be miss why .
yesterday onwarda wechat app be not open in my mobile after i update the app . solve this issue .
its fast to look at each other .
im stock on the man and moon picture im wait for several minute but nothing would happen .
i can't delete my accout . i want to know how to delete my account .
full story about the racer actress and her family tree and the other hand to be in touch and i be go out tonight or not but i'm go out to you tomorrow night at work today so i'm go out tonight and i love my mother be dangerous and the racer in my plan to do that too late now and i be anilkumar to be a bite late for you and your baby be dangerous for a bite too much of it and the racer actress in my life with the thrill to do it again .
i like if app but not a have video on moment .
people nearby show people from far away , other province and other island . why i can't see my family who use wechat at my home . please fix this . then , everytime i look profile picture from people nearby , this application create folder in my phone storage , contain photo of people nearby . it look like someone hack my phone . i don't like this . how can i fix this .
i cant login it just keep show the planet nothing more . developer where be you help me .
i have problem with people nearby feature , why people can't fimd me there .
it's good .
okay , i instal this app , all because of luhan sticker , just want to see how they look like . xd .
why i cannot see other's profile picture on the chat .
no profile picture show at my wechat contact list even though they have profile picture .
location suddenly stop work only for this app .
i love the feature . but i always need to uninstall and install it inorder to log in . its a waste of time . really .
not bad .
what happen now i want open wechart cannot open .
my friend list profile picture all go even people nearby also no picture anymore .
i love it .
help no new notification when new msg lead notification and vibration both miss and new message will only be receive after i exit the application and re enter any idea how to fix it .
love it .
after update i can't see anybody's profile pic . can't see any pic .
its ossum app for voice call and video call nice and i will give it 10 .
i cant video call from my friend list . what the fuck . software tell me that you be not we chat friend .
i like .
this app be good but why i cant see some of my friend prof pic .
every 2 second , a pop up message will show up and say unfortunately , we chat have stop . i dont want to uninstall this app but if this keep on happen . bye .
i have download but hang at the start . previous version be work on my mobile . please help me to fix this issue .
i want to see who online offline like whatsapp . after that i'll rate 5 star .
it happen again just show me the moon cant get in again don't see me please .
please upgrade sight . its very short .
it be the best .
good . sometimes human can't talk . but can type .
i cannot see the profile picture of my friend . whyy answer pleasee . as soon as possible .
i cant even see my friend profile photo . i mean in contact , its all blank . please fix it .
gud app .
why be all of the contact's profile picture of my wechat go . contact me if u get alternative to solve . wechat id cruis3z .
i like it .
i love this app so much .
whenever i try log into it , it always say that my current version of wechat may have be compromise , whereas i'm use the version that i download here in the playstore fix this please .
i be try to purchase the new luhan sticker but it doesn't show on my phone nexus5 all i see be free sticker .
how to install it on laptop .
i love .
and how to hide my wechat id like others tat can't find . everything be so slow and not full sticker be visible have to remove and download again .
i cant open my wechat acount .
when i've finish download the we chat and when i open it . it just barely stick at the moon won't load in . can please help me .
like it .
everything's great . only one thing , friend's profile photo won't appear . i've re open the apps but the result be still the same . please fix it .
i can't see other people profile pic . i don't know who i'm talk to cuz it always show anonymous pic , i can't really say i have a slow internet conection cuz i'm use wifi . i make a second wc acc still the same thing happen . please fix this asap . don't know if it only happen to me or someone else out there . i'm worry cuz it even happen to my second acc . sure they can reply to my text but i always get confuse cuz it show anonymous pic only with their name on it . please , fix it asap .
unable to backup chat history instead of just past 7days . i don't really like it . whenever i wanna send picture to chatroom , app itself also can crash . please fix the bug .
the icon of all my contact friend don't come out . it's really annoy . even my own icon doesn't come out . i've try uninstalled and instal it back but nothing change . please help me with it .
hye . i love this app very much , but after i uninstalled it and try to install it back , i can't also , i would like to suggest you to let all the chat come back after be uninstalled . cause , there be some chat that be precious for me but unfortunately i need to uninstall it because of phone memory problem .
all the photo can't display .
why it always show the moon i can't open it , i uninstall and reinstall but it still can't be open , if you fix it , i give you five star .
why i can't see everyone profile picture include myself please fix this problem .
im not notify on time for the newer msg and please add a feature to check . whether the client have see . the msg or not .
update 7 21 15 it's be 6 day and support team be nowhere to be find . wechat still do not work 7 15 wechat be work fine until a few hour ago . now i cannot open the application at all . whenever i attempt to open this application , it close and go back to my home screen . help i don't want to lose all my chat history . will change my review after problem be fix .
very nice you can find new friend around you .
why i cant load others profile picture .
log me out and i can't log back .
its good .
i can't open this app please fix it .
i can't open wechat after i instal it . why this happen .
after get update my wechat didnt function anymore .
hi devs . its a great app but the update seem to mess the shake . because i only get people from outside my country like everytime no luck find pip from my country . im from the philippine btw . last time before the update i can find pip from my country . hope you could fix it . not just me but my other friend as well .
i love this apps but it keep on auto logout my account .
like it .
please save the message . they will be miss when i uninstalled wechat or log in with other phone . do make some improvement .
why my wechat friend profile pictue all can't be display how to fix this problem .
why my phone can't display my friend profile picture .
i like wechat .
reward code that you have give for ebay be wrong code and it be invalid .
love it .
why i cannot see profile picture . i clear all data but suddenly i cant see the picture . please help how to fix it . tq .
fast , comfortable n easy .
it take a long time to install this app .
after instal we chat it can , t open waste of data and time .
but the problem be when i log out then i can't enter back , i must reinstall back .
some of my wechat friend's profile picture can't display on my phone , please fix this problem .
can't display others profile picture . please fix it .
never work . could not register .
error 194 cant download for new user .
but , there be many spamming of porn sticker in the wechat group . how to stop them .
why in wechat we cnt see that who be in online .
a very good application , it's just amaze , thank tencent .
i love it .
i love this application .
we chat be the best .
as soon as wechat photo folder be select in my photo set for autoback up , google play service will be stop work . that mean my wechat photo will not be able to get auto save to my google photo . do not see it with the privouse version of wechat .
why my past picture in moment become blur i think it can be a backup file for my picture but its damage .
whenever . i use shake . i always find people from indonesia , japan etc . it never show people near by or from the same country . please put an option to choose specific country . it will help people to find someone in their own country . thank .
while shake the phone it's show people from other county i couldn't able to see the people near to me in my shake please fix the bug .
didn't use it yet .
i cannot open my wechat after update .
love it .
it's okay , like what's app but we chat be more better and have a game .
, butthisis cool .
why i cannot post my own thing .
it work so well .
that hello kitty sticker be go . where i want that . please put it back .
quite good .
i cannot see the profile picture of my friend . why sorry , my language like the break glass . answer please .
sow much .
nice app . go with it .
love it . easy to use . beautiful .
it be a user friendly social medium with so many extra feature to facilitate user , locate in any part of the world . i wish the whole team of wechat best and a bon voyage .
this application work on gprs or 2g data for pakistan but after new update new version voice call be not clear but almost ok now i can call to we chat friend need to improve call on low internet data gprs or 2g thank we chat team for support .
i can't see some of my friend's profile picture . now i don't even know what the problem be .
love it .
even though it take up quite a bite of ram , it's still the best social medium app available .
moment and chat photo can't download .
voice call be not work in uae on data and a wifi bad call .
i can not send picture in the moment and not be able to send to my friend . but i ve be use wifi . please try to correct this problem .
recently , i upgrade to 6 . 2 . 2 after that i can not download and send image anymore , please fix this wechat .
great thing .
can't log in . it say check your network even i already connect wifi .
why cannot download it say get error 194 what's that pls help me n last week i install this app . when i open it , it juz hang there . cant let me log in . pls help me .
please give me open it i have friend at there i miss them so much please take a note if you want 5 star .
there be no necessity to display splash screen whenever i open the app . it's very time lag . sometimes splash screen take forever to load . uninstalling reinstall will be only option .
good job .
i cant see the other emojis in chat . android user .
recently she find that wechat keep log out automatically and she lose all conversation , can you help her to restore the conversation back .
i like this very good and simple .
after update i cant even see all my friend profile picture . so seriously please fix it .
love it .
why can't i see people near by .
good app .
this version take too much mb . always come error while download . plz give the old version with small mb .
i hate this app so much .
i have download wechat but it doesnt open . do three time .
karen tan .
i fail to find the look around feature in this version of wechat . the shake feature display just 1suggestion at a time a person generally thousand of mile away thumb down .
i can't open it since i'd update it in version 6 . 2 .
gud one .
it be so easy way to connect to my friend n family .
i can't open my wechat . it stick while load at the moon picture . it's be like this for day . help me .
it be good .
its very good but could use some more emotion and you should add something call giff its a place or app that display a 1 4 second video but like meme game emotion music and funny thing new sticker it be a very good app but this will improve it every body at my school have it would meen so much to me and my school and every body in the world very good app .
when i video call someone , neither of us can hear the other person . this only happen when videocalling .
i love .
shake feature be pretty lame . should allow to find people in the vicinity .
hello , recently i instal again wechat , and when i want to open it . it just constantly , show of the moon , and don't change to other else . so i'm get tire for wait , and still , as a result , it keep appear that moon . huhu . can you fix it . thank .
i love it i give u a lot of thank for this app .
please fix my problem . im already download but i cnt open ths application .
this really help to contact with friend around the world . really recommend to use this .
in shake it option wrongly distance see . mostly fake distance see .
this be nice , i appreciate it .
so amaze .
hi , just instal it once again and it's stick on first screen boy on moon . try reinstall , no luck .
be there any problem to on wechat today .
why i can not view picture anymore people send me picture , but i can only see the icon . the picture will not open .
nice and love it this apps .
wechat be not open .
with this app , i can chat more with mysister . nice app .
good for our .
sometimes i hve to reinstall so that i can go in my wechat account why it hppen this way .
my fren have the call out function but it's miss from the same version on my redmi note 4g .
its cool app .
this app not even launch or open in my ace s5830 , the older version be good and be work properly . plz solve this problem asap .
love it .
everytime i ues we chat i cant see who be online , when they last online or have they see our message or not . plea help to fix this . thank you .
i like it .
awesome app jzt clear all thw way to get evrythng . then i'll give 5 .
i can't send chat to my friend and view latest moment post by others . pls fix it .
very nice .
i can't open it now . please i want to get an update .
luv it .
why if i do a sight . it be stick and cnnot hear voice at chat . cuz why .
love it .
why i cannot enter this app .
why my wechat cannot open . please fix it . balaslh .
after use it quite a while , suddenly i can't log in and i'm stick at the start up screen . i reinstall it and it go back to normal but after a few day it happen again . please try to help solve this problem . thank .
nice app .
i love the shake feature in ur app . but i want to use it unlimited . bcoz it be limit . after some time it show no result and try again . plz help to this problem and i will give 5 star .
help please . recently big problem start to appear . picture from nearby people go straight away to my gallery folder . very strange . help please .
can i know why after i post the picture on moment then after a while the picture will change very bad the resolution help me please .
more stable call than whatsapp .
pliss give one chance to all wechat user to change the wechat id .
unable to upload profile pic in 2 3 4g please fix it .
it's a very good app but not better than whatsapp .
i love it because it be better than any other app of vedio call for me .
not good connection .
why suddenly i cant open wechat its just open until the moon pic then out again i cant open wechat .
not give airtime it be totaly fake app .
after the previous update , i cant open it anymore . a real let down .
i can't login to my wechat . pls fix , then i'll rate 5 .
love it .
my wechat app be not open since i have download this new version . please help . or help me get back to the older version which be work fine .
i have problem when people nearby they cant see me between 100m . why please solve my problem . the moment people nearby not display me . stress .
nice work .
i unable to access people nearby feature .
easy to use .
this be for two time i cant open my wechat . i need to uninstall and install back this app . please fix it .
very nice application .
video call be get change to voice call automatically every time and i could not change it back to video call . it irritate me so bad . tell me an option to fix this or else i'm deactivate this . 20 7 15 no resolution yet . uninstalled wechat . pathetic .
good one .
it be awsme . bt aftr update . it lose every valure .
we lik to get our reward nd have to get in main balance untill tht we be sry to say v don't lik this app nd we won't use this app in our device .
can't even open , keep stay on the earth screen . all data lose .
wow be awsome .
this application work on gprs or 2g data for pakistan but after new update new version voice call be not clear but almost ok now i can call to we chat friend need to improve call on low internet data gprs or 2g thank we chat team for support .
i cant broadcast message . there isnt any option for it .
i lov it .
well . disappoint it will uninstall itself . and i lose the important conversation with my friend really important hope you fix it pls . thank .
i want to delete a user account . but can not be remove . terrible wechat .
i can't download this app . what happen . when i almost do download this app , it say error . n it happen again again . i don't like it very much .
but . why i cant log in to wechat .
really fun to chat with my mom when i be at my friend house so i can video chat her and say goodnight .
like this app .
i love it .
i wish you guy could bring back the feature for choose to automatically save photo from chat or not . also voice message be so loud there be literally no difference between speaker and none speaker mode .
nyc app for girl especially . no need to share contact no . can chat with just know wechat id .
please fix the app . lot of bug . keep shut down when i be open it .
cant use the app properly . please fix .
keep tell me about the unknown code .
its nice app for fun but not for work .
i like how i can communicate to the sender .
i like to use this app . thank .
really help esp . to the ofw .
i like it .
good and i love this app .
excellent app .
nice and love it .
nice but recently i can't see my mesej in wechat if i don't open it fix it and i add my star .
need to uninstall and install it so many time to make its work properly .
good to be use .
it always disappear and the first time i think it be because of me not update the wechat . fortunately it come out after update but it still disappear after a few day . please fix it .
what happen to wechat can't even open enter into the wechat since yesterday . kindly pls solve asap . thx .
i wish that this app also could let us download sticker anywhere around the world . the ios version seem to have more sticker than android such as the shin chan one recently and this doesn't have it . could be better .
i don't know what that mean but everything be ok . connection and storage be fine .
would be nice if you there be a set to restrict communication with stranger .
this app be good but i dont know why lately i cant open my wechat and it always say app not respond .
please fix the this problem on shake be unable to find people of my locality it's just go in china malaysia iraq please fix it up soon .
pretty good .
very nice app .
what happen to wechat can't even go into the application since yesterday . kindly solve .
its a vry gd app fr me specially the voice video call .
i love this app , so i create 2 wechat acc . my question be how to delete deactivate my other account .
how long do it take to update version 6 . 2 . 3 my friend send me the hongbao yet i can't even have the icon to send other please fix it asap . thank .
how can i download my wechat on my laptop .
very nice .
good for communicate in video call .
i love this app fast , voice , video chat be best ever .
but much better and amaze if ur friend be see if they online or offline and also see the deliver message . i can rate 5 star . of course .
can't change my profile pict . fix it please .
but be there anything i cn do to get again my previous account . because i change the no . and after that . my friend accidentally uninstall my app . so wen i download it . its not already my previous account . because i change my no . already . cn u help me .
neither good nor bad only medium .
nic app .
why do the app delay in come up and in respond please let there be online and offline notification . please place the send button down instead of leave up .
plz fix this problem soon i love this app but i m unable to open it .
it's useful and cool i love the drift bottle . and me and my sis texted like crazy .
why im cannot use my voice chat .
woow feature .
fantastic feature and good chat environment . i be happy with this app .
fairly easy to use quick too . enjoy use it . lot more friend be start use it .
why be this feature not activate when set to english mode use a samsung phone .
i feel wechat be the best and better apps between another apps . awesome .
i can make new friend with other people . i can update latest photo and activity that i do .
it seem ok tho .
i don't know why but a lot of ma friend cannot find me at people nearby feature , can u help me to fix it .
show online and offline then only i will rate you 5 star .
nice app .
don't install it . after update , this app bcme sht stick load screen .
i download an app but it just won't open wechat .
it like this application . more frend can see me .
i like because . the best wechat .
first i have register a c use mobile number then second day it be get block by wechat state security reason . now when i go to retrieve my a c , it be say no mobile be register with this account . additionally with same number they have register new login . what a pathetic service . no one have any idea what be go on their server . i hope they should do something about this login issue .
i reflashed my phone and login my wechat account . when i verify my phone number by text , i totally receive 19 text message in 2 hour .
why can't i link my we chat account to fb account it keep mention that it have be link but i can't share my moment to fb .
wow the most powerfull app can , t find my phone contact .
hi wechat team plz solve my problem i'm shake there phone but not show people y .
download app from here but continuously cannot login as receive unofficial version of wechat warn .
its filter in my location .
great i m happy use this app .
we cannot call video call properley .
love it .
this app very good .
pretty good .
we chat .
love it .
very useful .
nice app to connect u with ur friend . i love it . u must try it .
cannot send photo . the previous version have no issue . why samsung note 2 .
when i upload in hd mode . at last it become blur .
oh yea , be there any way to delete someone comment from our own moment .
its great .
need a delete or deactivate button for wechat plz send me report abt wat youll think for this . i need to delete my account plz .
wechat be one of the best and very convinient communication system .
i can't find people nearby option in my wechat .
this be the greatest app ever . keep us all happy with the good work .
nice app .
i'm use samsung note 3 neo btw why my emotion for gif file cannot move pls fix this bug to my phone tq .
full service but free .
i cannot open this app . after update this app .
i cant open wechat . only show picture only .
please make theme for wechat . like anim theme .
download be so slow . i can't even use it yet it have be 30 minute already but still it be so slow .
the best app ever i love it but please add more emoticon .
i be not able to install this app .
see so good . but sometimes wiil automatically crash .
guy please fix friend radar . really suck . not work . please fix it and i give u 5 star .
if i can chat with nearest friend it can be more cool . and maybe i will keep the 5 star .
i love it .
love it .
can't see the pic a friend send to me still have problem i hope u will do as soon as possible .
ilike it .
whnevr i m tryng to opn ds app its nt wrkng only d moon have bn show . pthetic .
it say that my phone number be invalid because my number start with 58 .
know how to use this app but not instal my mobile phone .
please fix this app . 1 star .
its good .
how come i can't get the notification at 1st but then i need to open the apps then i can only receive the msg that send to me few minute ago .
love it .
love it .
i instal this app and now it be not get uninstalled . never ever install .
why it show the moon picture .
its awesome love the sticker and video call .
this app be very helpful .
i can't update and download back .
its really help wen make call .
why i can't link wechat moment with facebook which i do authorise to link both account like other people .
iwill rate you more star later .
this be make my day i really like it and also love it . but yeah please fix it also to make it better and after this , this app will be great ever forever haha . congrats wechat team . lol .
why cant download this application .
cant use this feature . fix this .
i can't open my wechat . its still the moon picture . also no show log in or sign up thre . it stick on the picture of moon kind of sad to wechat . please help me to solve this problem samsung ace .
i like this congratulation wechat .
very good connectivity .
always force close when choose picture from gallery . worst .
thisapp be really good .
i can't open this app after it update .
like tenchi tan say be much better if can see now who be online offline like whatsapp receive or read then be more nice . i will give five star if you do like whatsapp . but i still enjoy use wechat .
fully time of waste .
really helpful in communication thankyou developer .
hewhew beek .
best app ever .
yeah . how can i hide my online status .
this be great app plse download it .
not bad .
like to messaj and its easy to chat with your friend and to bring u close .
it say that my phone number be invalid .
love it .
good app .
it do not show the nearby people every time i try to look nearby people it show unable to load data i have do all the gps setting it need for it .
someone hack in my account now i can't go in my account .
my friend who be use iphone 6 only see green screen when i video call with him . i can see his video , but he only see green screen . i have lollipop 5 . 0 instal in my phone , my phone dont have any issue with camera .
it's keep on load whenever and however time i try to open it . it's suck , i still have to reinstall it because most my friend use this app . please solve this stupid problem .
i cant even dwownload it .
but add some more emoticon and speed of call should be improve .
why i can't see my profil picture n my friend also . and i can't update status . the respons be no memory card etc . please help me .
kindly provid in shake option that to find male or female . please make acknowledge that message be send , deliver and see .
i cant use people nearby with mobile data , but it work if i use wifi , can you helpe because its disturb , thank .
i hate it this dont work on my mobile .
wechat isn't respond , do you want to close it i don't know why , it keep show me this , when i open , black screen appear and didn't show me anything . what should i do .
why i cant use broadcast message wechat team , do you implant this function .
i'm sexy blonde girl sell live nude pic video on kik or skype show or phone sex or meet for fuck . if you can't visit tampa fl then bring me in your city .
keep up the good work .
hv instal it twice . but it be not open . plz advice me wt to do . nd how to ru . hv instal it third tym .
love it .
great for my school use .
this app do not proceed on login page . be stucked in moon earth page . i've uninstalled it and instal for several time . but it be still the same . i dont know why .
after the update . this app always crash pls fix .
it so sport and very easy to talk .
i just love this appss 3 .
why me cant change my what up .
i can't change my photo profile , why .
but it load the album very slowly and cause the phone very lag . sometime can't launch wechat .
i love wechat very much . but sometime vedio call i face problem it stick and no can't hear my friend voice sometimes .
i like wechat because wechat i can chat in my friend .
the ios app allow for multiple login device simultaneously . why be this not implement here very inconvenient and unusable when have a phone and a tablet .
people search must be more correct .
why everytime when i shake my phone all the result be from other country user what happen to filipino user .
when i open this app it will totaly hang .
heart of people .
i cant log in stick with the man and the earth .
why isnt there a video icon in my app .
everyone around me use wechat so i decide to get it .
its not open when i update my wechat . fix it guy i realy like the app .
very interest and useful also introduce to each other n best entertainment .
life be all abut dissection .
really gud but it nt connect wit face book .
i already uninstall once and instal again but still not respond . i've read your feedback from others . can u please give me google play user to help with my problem . asap , thank you .
plz fix this problem soon .
guy . pls make last see , online status and receive read status on we chat . if u guy do this , it ll be greater than watsapp . im wait for d change until tat it wont be great .
if we can see either the people who we chat with be online or not and we send message they read or not . please have this function phone samsung galaxy note 3 .
this have many great feature .
the sticker and their movement be off the hook .
my acct always be sign out . then if i try sign in it keep on prompt that my wechat be not the lateat version and my account have be temporarily block .
i like it because i can spend my time with it .
add option like we can see who's online or when be the last time someone be online like on whats app . pls . thank .
like it .
when i open wechat . there only pic of a moon with a man on my screen . cant do anything .
this apps need very high speed , so it cant download picture n video . better make it like a whatsapp , download automatic in wifi . then i'll give you 5 star .
i could rate 5 star if can give a chance to change our id and available some cute anime theme for wechat .
it's superb .
very nice app .
what a nice application in chat , free video call nd voice call .
further partner .
i love it .
love it .
how can others duplicate my wechat account .
nice app .
still can't login with qq please fix this .
no matter how many time i update this app , people nearby be not really function on my phone .
very nice .
every time i click on it and it will everytime show that wechat be not respond , would you like to close it .
very nice .
easy to share . our feel with our frdz .
love it .
i forget my password , so try the login by sms . the verification code work . later on i get log off automatically . my password do not work any more . i do not forget password , but wechat do not take my password . so i try to get a new verification code . try many cod . none work . it seem a server problem . as a last resort , i upgrade my wechat . before upgrade , login by sms be visible and clickable . after upgrade , cannot see the option of login by sms any more .
seriously . make this app save the data in build in storage too . make an option for it .
this application work on gprs or 2g data for pakistan but after new update new version voice call be not clear but almost ok now i can call to we chat friend need to improve call on low internet data gprs or 2g thank we chat team for support .
nice application .
i update this app . it be fine at the moment and then it stop work . please do something about it . i need to contact my friend use it .
awesome app , best way to communicate .
this good app for me .
it's to good .
the tiger .
why wechat be not respond .
i love it .
i like this app . but another one have a theme . i use it . but havnt in this play store .
still not good 6 . 2 . 2 update .
my device cant match the new version 6 . 1 . when i open pic to see it cant go back the same page . it go back to main page , be irritate . can you solve this or may be my device .
it's really awesome i just love it .
awesome apps but if i can see . my msg read or not . its more better .
i dont know whats the problem with this app . my msg be not send after few minute of texting . so plz try to fix this up otherwise i have to uninstall it .
i can't open wechat i wait so long time i be log the wechat , butcan't open . this be not the first time , that have some problem please repair it . thank you .
if we can see who be offline and online it will be enjoy and will be download by million of people .
love it .
can not install the app .
take all my airtime to download . its be download for 15 minute and still busy .
not work people near by option .
for its free recharge offer .
unable to start wechat application on samsung galaxy young after update to latest version . please help to advise .
why the hell can't i post picture in my moment before that i can post how much photo as i can after update it become like this .
amaze app in the world .
good app .
not bad .
it be good for video .
nice app . i hope there be a label of see when friend already saw our message .
after last update it refuse to open on my galaxy s5 . email tech support , no answer .
love it .
please fix this .
love it .
when i click the wechat icon to open wechat , it will stay at the earth photo , i wait until it force me to close it . why i need wechat , pls fix it .
since two day the app isn't load . if i try to open the app it redirect back to home page . frustrate . fix it and get 5 star .
i like ut that it respect our privacy more by not show status .
love this app ever love this .
hi . why it tell that no result for shake from two day ago .
i get an issue with this apps . few day past until now , i still can't open this application . i stick at the main home page . before this i rate this app to 5stars . really dissapointed can you help me fix this problem asap .
i love it this be greater than whats app because it have shake , sticker and more .
i cant open my we chat at all and when i do its some other people account . what be this .
too waste of memory it's worst app .
i can't open the apps . not respond all the time . i'm use xperia mini run on android 4 . 0 . 4 . please fix asap cause i constantly keep in touch with my buddy through this app . please .
i can't recover my group chat after i reinstall the app . please help me .
please fix it . be stay at the world for very long .
could do with the ability to sign in on two device simultaneously but brilliant .
why i cant download wechat .
every tome i would log in it say that i log in an unnofficial version of we chat . i try to do as the instruction would . no effect .
i like this app .
when i open wechat , it only stick on the moon picture . why to fix it , i need to clear the data and all my chat go . good job . please fix it to gain 5 star .
nicr layout , seem professional . but i live in norway i have set it to my location and i only find people frim asia . like , only asia . help .
if only there's a button to disable my account , this would be better .
i cannot search anyone in shake function . kindly fix this issue . so i can give 5 star .
i don't know why but i fell bore with this app cuz no new feature that make me no bore .
every time i search for who be nearby my location , the app keep tell me that my location service be offline but when i check . there be no problem . be this a bug .
i have many friend becasu have wechat .
this app not even launch or open in my ace s5830 , the older version be good and be work properly . plz solve this problem asap .
live this app .
it's new way to get fun .
but can plus more emoticon and emoji .
could u put something that can post video cause the sight thing be too short for the whole fun .
love it .
like it .
love it .
i love this app .
why my wechat stick at the picture of man and moon , it stick for almost 1 hour and then its close . fix it .
nice apps .
i couldnt download and install it in my android at all . try many2 time .
my wechat isnt open anymore . crash everytime i open it . please fix it ill put 5 star .
if i open my wechat come the earth pic then , it disappear . why i can't open my wechat . so please help me . urgent .
do this work on tablet plz reply i really wanna know .
it would be cool if we can post video from our gallery on wechat moment . also we should have a thing where we see if the person have view our message .
there might be dispute regard the content and theme of the app but technically , the app worth 5 star .
i can't instal my wechat .
i like use this app . but i think it could be better . its jam alot n freeze my fone to a point where i have to restart it . the voice print log in do not even work . pls fix these bug .
i'm support wechat .
the best .
unable to send photo after update the apps . very bad update .
people nearby it not work . why i cannot to use people nearby but my friend can .
why after download the wechat i be able to open any sight in the wechat . then after a week i be unable anymore . i have to uninstall then download it again .
everything be fine until no sound notification i hear . fix it soon . i can't tell there be message until i see the wechat icon . this be fine a few hour until notification sound disappear .
so far so good . easy to migrate to new phone , not like whatapps , can restore message but image not link .
i love it .
its vedio call be awesome .
it's really a fabulous message app . 3 it .
it must have online n offline lyk whatsapp .
i love this app . we chat be a place of fun and good friend . plz try to show to near by friend and bottle phrase . its awesome .
shake option be not show me the people who be nearby . i try the shake option with my friend shake his phone simultaneously . but it do not pick him . this be work before .
can not share video like whatapp . tire of try upload video many time . back up 100 o of my data file before migrate to new phone , but after migrate , all my previous history could not be find , manually capied also can not , what a stupid app where be my history i do the same with whatapp , it be do without any problem , everything be back to my new phone . so i strongly recommend the rest of my friend change to whatapp bcos i do not see any improvement from wechat at all . shame on you bro .
i like it .
so amaze how great it be .
i love it .
i be unistall this aplication . i hope my verifacatiin code will arrive .
so awesome .
it be the perfect app .
i like it .
from yesterday i be not able to send message and call . what be the reason for this .
work great .
asus fonepad7 fe171cg here . wechat close when open other apps like facebook . and dont notify me if im on facebook .
i love it .
i very like this app .
unable to open from 4 day how can i get my daily reward to get .
it okay . i use it well .
if a receive marker would be add some time in the future , this'll be a 5 star .
please put an option to allow us to delete or deactivate an account so that we can make a new one , for example we want to make a new wechat id .
when i want to log in , just a moon picture and wait 2 hour it be not work ,
full of porn , sex and money beg shit . weirdest app ever . china app , what u expect .
everything work fine , the video call be also good .
i can not send picture from my nexus 5 . i uninstall app and reinstall still not work .
below average .
be try to download a app and nothing be happen very unhappy .
wechat i'd really like a group chat to have a video call . so like we have a group of friend at school and i would love it if the video call would be like a walkie talkie but instead of the icon it show ur face and we can talk at the same time . thank it will be a five star soon .
we love it so .
my friend post a video in their moment but i can't play it . it work fine before update . again samsung galaxy grand quattro duo .
this app be very bad from last update 50 user can't use .
tencent have huge cloud storage . why only give 7 day cloud backup that make no sense .
i have not try this app yet but i think i will like it .
way out .
really enjoy the app just what i want .
one of the best chat apps in google .
not nice .
it doesn't detect my location . pic won't load .
its good .
the shake feature be not work . it always give me people from china and they say 5 km away and im in lebanon . it use to work perfectly .
can't open it .
online and offline status will be great addition to this app .
this be ugly as when u type a long message , your profile picture go over the right side of your screen . this be like the message push away the sender pic to different place . hope fix it in the next update . if require screenshot , i be pleasurely to provide it .
not bad .
i like this app .
favorite app .
i think it will be more nice if there have birthday notification like facebook .
it's excellent very happy with it .
why this application can't install download in my phone after i'uninstall , i dnt know why pls gve me ur response about this .
tibetan font which i have instal work fine on other platform but appear break on wechat . it use to work earlier though . can you tell me how to fix it .
so nice .
i love wechat .
anyone even if i dont know they send msg mean its disgust there must be something like whatsapp which only our move contact can send message .
can someone help me how to deactivate wechat ive be send email wechat support but there no answer . thank .
what be this bull shit . i can't change my profile picture even after update my wechat . i don't know what the hell be wrong . i really love we chat . so please fix it soon . i m have this problem since one month . i think that update must solve this problem but no . nthng hpned . i m really feed up . please wechat . please give me a solution for this problem what be wrong with this . please fix it or help me .
video call be get change to voice call automatically every time and i could not change it back to video call . it irritate me so bad . tell me an option to fix this or else i'm deactivate this .
nice apps .
love it .
unable to use nearby function in my htc 820 .
i be unable to upload ma pic since past 6days . i try update wid ma 2g 3g and also wid wifi . plz fix it .
i love we chat .
its jus stick at the earth page only if i clear the data of wechat it can be use . den after few day it cnt open agn cn please fix the . prob .
i can't open this app after update .
we chat be very nice app .
i connect to internet , but it say cannot access to server check your connection stuff . be it me only or what .
i like .
i suggest you should put volleyball emotion that's all 4 star .
can video call with love .
nothing . i'm just chat and then close . hahaha . funny .
why can't you delete an account because i accidentally make three account and it say there be to many operation and i can't even use wechat anymore .
nic work but no use .
knnot open .
nice one .
why sometimes my wechat not respond .
i reinstall and need match photo with unknown friend .
this be the second time i install this . i hope its for the better . and the camera when we video call myself be in upside .
it be a new way to communicate with people .
i like .
i like this apps . but how about you add flashlight for the sight in moment . i can't capture a video sight without flaslight . i like to recommend that for the other user . please update it . and add a flashlight for the sight .
it's too bad you can't see if the other person have see your message already . also , the sight don't always play , like there's a bug or something . it'll be show movement like usual on the regular chat screen but as soon as i open the sight fullscreen it freeze and my two other video view apps show up to play the sight and don't work .
after im instal just use for a week cant open and i must uninstal and instal again always like this again and again why .
load location data infinite load . please help even on my h data connection . but on wifi there be no problem .
love it .
i can't dowmlod wechat show me error 431 .
if there be no pre exist phone , one cant create a number . no good .
good app .
here i cannot find my nearby friend's . use radar . my gps location service be on . not even show a single friend . use it in different location still no use .
really ok .
miss . delete profile pic option .
i can't open the apps . not respond all the time . i'm use xperia mini run on android 4 . 0 . 4 .
excellent but i can't use it . please help me .
look in aps .
love it .
it my first time with this app but be awesome .
very good .
if can see who be online or offline like whatsapp it be more better .
help me to chat with my bro .
i cant log in use facebook account .
the best .
i love wechat , its make me easier to chat n talk with friend in other country without pulse .
message not send so more problem in wechat .
love it .
communication be good i like this .
its not download . not al . pls fix it .
it's good for use wechat but it's difficult to use wechat in computer . i hope wechat can log in with compueter individually and no need to connect with phone .
i can find near by people my gps be on error come unable to load location data .
very good app , could have more feature like delete all your moment at once , it could also show who be online and who have see the message , could easily get my 5th star if these be feature add in future update .
there's no button to log in or sign up t .
it only load and i have to wait til how many year but still the app won't run .
why sometime i can get through the open , always stick at the moon . help me fast i really like wechat .
thank you so much we chat fantastic to talk friend family thank you once again but there one problem for me my video call doesn't work when i call my friend i didn't see his face this be my problem otherwise very good for me thank you .
it be really annoy i can't open the app . i don't want to uninstall and download again cause i have a important conversation there , i will lose it . help .
my neerby people doesn't work most of the time .
can you add read receipt because i would like to know if my message be read . also i would like to more option in find people .
it be very awesome app .
after update to 6 . 2 . 2 it be unable to save the profile picture to the phone . even though go tis function but not function .
good daebak .
best app ever .
unable to change my profile picture after update . no good version .
best apps ever it's still the most download apps compare to whatsapp . good review from me . good job editor .
please resolve this issue i cannot open the wechat . my phone model be galaxy grand .
add more emotion please .
very good .
it's good but sometimes not good . but sometimes i have the wi fi but it's cannot send any of massage but somrtimes good . i support you wechat . ok .
hey this be too easy .
cannot login . itz not change at all . before it be work . suddenly msg be not send and after log out cannot login also . cannot view the balance from wechat team .
this be a cool app . my daughter really love it . if anyone want to contact my daughter please follow this . name ann . we chat i'd be annmariyajose .
so easy to use .
i love this app but it keep crash after use it for a while . i need to uninstall and reinstall . i've do that four time in a month . help me fix this .
wechat be the best .
please it's not operate .
log in slow with a terrible lag . it won't allow me to log in into it . could've give zero star for this .
it be a cool app wow .
i'm receive message late , they arrive from an hour to a whole day later and will clearly show be send earlier , please fox .
they want me to verify my friend but none of them be my friend .
please let me know how i can call non wechat user .
its a very good app . and obviously i love it .
cant access n i jst saw a moon for 3 minute without anything happen . tis update be ridiculous . please fix this bug .
the message work great but i have constant issue with the video chat . either the video or the audio doesnt work and the connection be really grainy .
awesome , even sometimes my signal be not really good , still like a lot ,
i've enable do not disturb and set a time but notification still pop up during those hour .
very useful app . highly recommend .
it be a very good application . it be more better than what's up .
i hate this app it kill me .
unusable the nearby function do not work at all . i try multiple troubleshoot to no avail . app work in a diff country i be in but in the us it's useless .
amaze app .
this app be so gud .
i hope there will be a time that you can allow us to delete or deactivate an account so that se can make a new one .
my wechat cant seem to open . it keep on crash . please fix this . i need to contact my people .
i love this aaps .
low quality of picture .
do you have to use real credit .
would like to have notification show that the other side of conversation get the message . the sticker so cute , i love it . thank you .
when will you introduce account deactivation option wait for it .
why i keep cant receive msf from my fren . lawl n fuck . cant update n say count nt install in devise or usb .
hear about it so i wanna try to see first before i comment anything .
3 month on and the shake function work only a 1 4 of the time . my brother have wechat we stand in the same room and he can find people nobody from support centre respond to your message .
this app need an update i cant sign up it keep say please wait
when i enter my number it refuce's and reason what wechat say be your phone number be invalid . help me please .
why can't i open my wechat app .
how i will know on wechat that some one have block me .
yess . i agree about last see on wechat .
it s take too much time to install .
what a nice application in chat video call nd audio call .
if the display can be rotate to wide , it would be awesome . please upgrade .
why it only show the picture of moon and the boy . why please tell me .
why i can't use people nearby each time open , it's hang .
instal and it keep show the earth . why i use to like wechat before this .
really awesom . app .
what's wrong why be stick with that man look at earth image . i need my we chat to work properly . please help me out .
please make us able to delete some post from our friend in our moment . it's our privacy right some of the moment from our friend show that he she take selfie every half hour . some be importants . but every half hour . you could emagine that right . please . if you do this i give you 5 star .
always gud .
if only could see who be online and would know if a message have be deliver and read this would be the best connectivity app of all .
it work great .
it's good .
amaze app .
i love wechat .
people nearby option be not available in india . please tell when it will work again in india .
bt online people not show .
waste of mb jus show update but akways same .
i like it .
lol . when i open the apps , i saw the earth , but just a couple second then i be jump out , i can't go inside to start the chat .
we chat become dirty app after updte to6 . 2v profile pic be not change always show error in redmi 1s nd also show server error even use 3g plz fix this bug plz .
hi guy we chat be fantastic , but where to find the shake list in our folder i need to know it to save memory pls can u help pls .
i be disturded by a stranger , i have complain to wechat in a few time but it just keep on say that they cannot solve this type of problem the report button be just for illustration purpose only others be good except this one .
i can't view send picture because the app cant detect my memory card . it say no memory card .
it be a very good application .
its great apps .
i love it .
it be great .
idk why . but after i update my wechat , i can't open it . so , rn im wait for the new update . please be fast
great sight . i can use shake to see a different country friend .
everytime i look profile picture from people nearby , this application create folder in my phone storage , contain photo of people nearby . it look like someone hack my phone . i don't like this . how can i fix this .
why unable to download image pls reply .
the preview text be too small , wish it can be bigger , hope that the word be much bigger .
my phone just update to version miui 6 . 6 . 1 . unable to send or download photo in chatroom . also unable to see any photo in moment .
waste of space 30 mb see rest of apps 5 to 10 mb only .
but it's not work very well coz it always show the moon with tiny man .
this be nt bad but sometimes when i click to audio i can't hear anything . tat the thing i hate most other wise great app . lov it . free call n video call .
i can't browse any photo in moment . only i can see status . while photo space be blank . i . e photo be not load even though i have 3g .
okay , great app .
very good .
i can't use the videocall and voice call when im use wifi . then i unstall but i cant install it again . tnx .
whenever i shake it give me anonymous id's with no personal identity and say nearby which be not cause those id's be of chinese people . fix it than you'll get 5 star . happen more than a month .
the message cannot be send . keep on fail .
my beloved google play keep up the good work . okey tnx .
i already re install this app 2 time i still can't open my wechat .
love it .
why my wechat cannot reload moment n update status .
very well .
very good .
how to deactivate my account .
its aswame apps for chat etc .
new message notification only ring when i enter wechat . and the sight also can't see , it all in black scene . pls fix .
i love it .
we chat .
like it .
i lov we chat i hv use it for 3 year , but now if i open it just moon picture , n i cn use it anymore , wat a problem please help me .
i cant use video call now . what happen can u please make some action for this problem . thank you .
i couldnt open it after download it . coz me alot trouble as my c9ntacts be all go .
none of the login verification work . i have try sms , phone call and qq verification . in addition i do not receive any wechat support email reply .
with the newest version on note4 there a stupid bug whenever i try and save avatar picture it always change the regular filepath for where picture be save to by add a 0 . this result in the picture not even save . it also automatically delete all of my previously save avatar picture and i cant manually change the filepath to what it should be or recover my delete file . poor design . restart phone and connect with the computer doesnt help either . please fix asap and get my pic back .
why i cant open my wechat it already be update but i cant open and use it .
it make me so mad . i'm try to mention my friend in a group chat and it doesn't mention her but mention another person who be in the group .
it would be better if can change wechat id . i be try to do that but it can't be change . sad .
its jz like load forever . need some help here .
can u make button deactivate account or permanently delete wechat account . i already don't want to see the older account . i want to delete it permanently . hope u will help me . thank you .
this app be superv and better than whatsapp .
what a . app .
thank you .
unable to backup chat history instead of just past 7days . i don't really like it .
good one .
my wechat cant open . moment doesnt appear . fix it sir .
nic one .
this application be incredibly sick .
its not open in my mobile correct it and reply me .
i can't reply comment i can't reload moment i can't reply message fix it i like this apps .
nice app i really like it .
good application for communication with family and friend .
i hate it .
ideal for the kind of people who love social network .
go you have update , it cant be open by samsung galaxy young .
nice app .
what can i say wow . impressive .
it good .
its take so much time to log in and look like it never success to login . pls help .
very good .
just ok .
im unable to frnd the option of discover near by in my redmi mobile . what be the solution for this prblm .
why my wechat cant open it load and load until hour but still same can you guy fix it .
unfortunately , wechat have stop . please fix it .
when data sim be on tray sim 2 then video call directly convert to audio call . why from gt s7562 .
i like it because i can chat with my family and friend from long distance .
i cannot opeb my account for this new version . the old one much better im start to hate this app .
love it .
i can't open my wechat after the latest update , i don't know why but it can't display myself and also the moment , i be use lenovo a806 . be there any prob with that pls fix em .
fix crash for redmi 1s miui6 while upload picture .
wechat be a good app but use or server very bad . because my some id always ban continue in 3days . whats solution this problem . other wise all other social app be very good on wechat .
i download we chat yesterday and whenever i sign up it say invalid number even though my number be work on every other platform . please do something i have an important work to do which can't be complete without we chat . expect a reply .
wechat be the best . yeah .
nice chat application .
i love it .
love it .
the best .
wonderful app .
after the update , we chat be not open . it come black screen and close on its own .
why we chat error in my fone cn't install pls inform me why pls help me how cn i install in my fone this apps .
love this .
why my wechat cannot reload moment n update status .
why i cant open my wechat it stick at the man look the moon .
it's really so cool app . try it .
i try more than ten time still can't open please fix this .
when i be chat with my friend , i gt their reply 10minutes after . it really bug me cos it waste a lot of time .
i cant open my wechat . it just load at pic moon .
there be no sticker gallery feature under me tab . i have already update to the latest version of wechat .
i love this but there be one problem how to delete wechat account . i open two account frm different number so i want to delete one .
be try to download for 2 weks .
please fix this . stick on the moon image at samsung y . thank you .
verry easy to see ur love once all over the world .
pls help me , i log in with my fb and than it kick me to my home screen when i try to retry it always stick at moon pic and then kick me to home screen pls fix it .
i can't open my we chat . please fix it have be a few day already .
it stucks on open while a man watch the world .
just cant share alng video and without hear it .
dear gm , why my wechat i open and auto close and like a application full can not open , please help me .
well try to itt .
it be much better if can see who be currently online or offline . here my 5 star for a great app . i love wechat .
why we chat cannot instal .
i love wechat coz of sticker , sight and easy to use . hope come soon can share a video or song directly to moment so people can see and like it or comment .
you be depruving my freedom what the hell that we must add your lousy wechat team into our friend list and wait you to spam me for the stupid ads you china people be what an idiot even line also able to delete off the official account or at least turn off notification for official account idiot shame on you .
download from google play . get sms code then claim account lock because log into uniffical version of we chat software . when you try to reset account via sms it say no account with that phone number . yet when i try to create an account w that number say i already have a lock account . which one be it . you ban me again after i get pc to unlock and now it say cannot use my phone number to unlock . you expect me to get a new phone number everytime you lock my account .
unable to see moment as update in redmi one .
i can't open my wechat right after i update it . it just show the picture of a people and the earth . damn it please fix it and i will give 5 star .
no more word .
i cant open the wechat app . what happen .
i love this apps .
unable to locate people nearby .
i'm afraid that my phone will slip of my hand if i shake my phone just to find a new friend . anyway , thumb up .
after the update . this app always crash pls fix .
love it .
plz put mute option also while video call .
awesome keep a good work at the picure .
if you guy could make wechat so i can see if he person be online or ofline that would be awesome kind regard alisha .
fix for me please .
if possible please add online , offline , last see and msg deliver function because its not useful without these function .
ok its good .
i don't know i just it download later i tell how this wechat .
dear can you please delete my wecaht account immediately .
okay app nothing great .
best one chat voice and video . most important 10 second real time video that mean it's real time . it's really best one for me when i see my good ready and ship time . you can image how much useful for you . little more improvement . 10 second real time video add about 1 minute or little more . and 2nd online and off line list . and translate as in qq . now you will enjoy a lot . thank you all we chat team . rafiq tak . pakistan .
say error 926 application cannot be download . get it transfer from another phone and still couldn't be instal .
but , can you enable us to post gif on moment it would be wonderful to have gif on moment , we wechaters can only post gif on chat . thats kinda bore somehow . i really look forward for this .
great app .
wechat be work fine until a few hour ago . now i cannot open the application at all . whenever i attempt to open this application , it close and go back to my home screen . help i don't want to lose all my chat history . will change my review after problem be fix .
not recommend for this new one .
its awsome .
i love it .
why my wechat cant open .
this app suck . why i must register to use it .
let see .
nice app .
can't open the app . after the earth screen , it go back to my home screen . pls fix this very quickly .
take to long to open im like lunatic now fix this asap o not even that link work .
cant use the app . it only show the photo of earth . cant even see the msg .
i can't make any voice call and video call . this make i always uninstall and install it again . i think you should check this new version of wechat . i love this app so much .
be very easy to use simple app i can easily chat and do video call with my friend and family .
the apps be not work . i cant change my pic , not even search who be nearby besides , i always meet some men who be ask for sex . how come . please fix the problem n check those account before let them use this app .
it be good app . i need an help . i want search only female i can't find the setting for it plz help .
really good .
it be okay .
make a foreign friend be good experience .
please help me my wechat be not respond .
we chat be great .
online offline add them its a better app in the world .
i cant get in my we chat . just a man with a moon all the time . please fix it your web site give cant help me at all i miss my we chat
i love wechat ever .
wish more people in u . s . use it . best app . translate video etc .
i can't login my wechat because it just show the moon .
sometimes can't open . idk why . but you fix it i rate 5 star .
cant delete account . cant delete several contact simultaneously . need one by one . horrible . nightmare for privacy .
recently , i upgrade to 6 . 2 . 2 after that i can not download and send image anymore , please fix this wechat .
can't use wallet , please maybe have solution . i try to uninstaller all file but still can't see wall .
love use wechat . very user friendly .
we chat .
i like .
so good .
i like it this application . hope new version cant see who online at wechat .
i enjoy this app .
please make drift bottle number infinite then i will give five star to u .
i love it but my be not download be it the network .
no one bother to support me at all .
i can't go in wechat from last month once then i rediwnload again , now i can't go in again and i need to redownload it now . pls fix it .
i like it .
i can't open my wechat . it waste my time to download the wechat .
why my wechat stick . it stick while use and after open back it will stick with a man and a moon i have to uninstall and install it back . i have repeat this many time . please reply .
wechat be a bite slow . the sticker be too little . give more sticker .
please . i want to install . this but could not install it .
i can't open it since i'd update it in version 6 . 2 .
improve on ur voice call pls .
cant access n i jst saw a moon for 3 minute without anything happen . please fix this bug .
the best .
never receive verification code through text after several attempt , opt for phone call for code and no one say anything . what a waste if time uninstalled .
like it this app .
love it .
real good to try .
can wechat please make the photo upload not to be bitrate i mean , like a original photo . eg cover photo , default photo and original sight moment . another suggestion be to add another feature for recommend friend maybe it would be nice if this two be come up on future update . i wish my suggestion be note by your team . thank you wechat team .
profile picture of people i've view in people nearby option be save to my gallery .
i love this .
everthing be quite perfect , but how do i not let stranger that ive never meet to see my moment .
love it .
love it .
what the good app .
find it cool . tnx wechat .
i cant open wechat and i dont know why . please tell me why , tell me what to do please .
i can sell my clothe here . awesome job guy .
gud one .
i cant use the voice call and it also unable to download image , why pls reply .
why i cant download wechat .
i love to use wechat very2 much because there be no problem at wechat . but when i delete and i download it back . i can't open the apps .
well it make my life more easier with this to communicate with my beloved family .
i love it .
i love this apps . i can chat with my friend . and i make a moment . i hope wechat can make upgrade . like wechat version 7 . 0 can use without internet .
very good app .
after i update tge newest version , i cannot open my wechat . how can i open my wechat account back i hope it can be fix asap .
hang and feel slow while i be texting and lack . can not even text well . why . very hang .
the call isn't very good and not may teen and people r interest in this but the sticker and stuff be ok .
i don't really know why from yesterday i can't access wechat on my phone normally . i've try to free some space and restart my phone again and again but the problem hasn't fix yet . i can't clear data now and reinstall because my wechat include some important message from friend and teacher . i've face with this problem before and when i upgrade to the newer version then it work well . the problem now be the version on my phone be the lastest one . may you please tell me how to fix the problem .
i love it .
i can't save any pic when i update this new verison .
i can not open it .
i have uninstall this app . when i install it back , it just show the earth . i'm so dissapointed bcoz i love wechat so much .
its good .
not too useful .
i love wechat very clear and easy to talk .
please fix my phone still can't open run the apps .
love it .
i hope that sight from others can be save on my phone . it could be more interest .
may i know why cant my wechat open the earth image come out for one second and then my phone back to home page again . this have be for few day already . i be think to reinstall but can i retrieve my unread message after reinstall .
amaze apps .
those free cute emoticon make me love wechat it would be more lovely if there would be a lot of cute theme or skin to choose from .
nice app .
my wechat always stick and that's it . please solve it .
like what tenchi say . i agree with him . i also dream of the same thing . i wish if you could make the wechatter to see who online .
free video , voice call . and fine some friend .
please update n renew it .
sometging wrong when i log in hate this app .
i love it .
i cannot open sometimes my we chat .
very good app .
it be the best app ever i use .
today 15 7 15 my wechat cannot open again . pls rectify the problem .
love it .
it just show a picture of a moon . i try to solve my problem but it still same .
woow its awsome .
always force me to close this apps .
but . pls launch the new update in there it should be display who be online or offline . then its a 5 star .
i love it .
very fast send message and picture .
please provide information on whether the other person be online or offline like whatsapp and telegram use 2 tick . then many people will love wechat .
ok loh .
you should add five night at freddy's emotion .
i like this .
could u fix it a soon as possible be u read this i love this app but when i can't open it and it stick on the moon man and i hate it . i wish i can rate zero star .
hi dear i have problem with shake function . alwyse tell me no resulte try later . can you fix it please thnx .
can you guy set the window version wevhat log in withou comformation from the phone and can you guy put freeze sticker .
i cant open it after update icant open my wechat anymore , kindly help me . many thank .
always native crash .
love it . it's so awesome . keep it up .
the only .
it make connect with friend n people in general easy especially share data .
i add the people but i wnt delete some people but not delete why here no delete option then wht i do plz help me we cht team .
can't log in . wait for the log in button . but nothing happen . only show the earth and a guy . huh . help me . i need wechat so much .
can't log in . wait for the log in button . but nothing happen . only show the earth and a man . huh .
i cant download it everytime i try to download it , it say error 24 . i dont know what to do .
how can i find a friend from same country with me from shake . lastime it do . but now only people from other country .
love it .
i can't download it what's a problem with it please check and fix it .
there's we can communicate with the people around the world .
very good .
why my wechat always stop . i can't chat or see my friend moment . they also can't send message to me . i'll hope you will help and fix it .
i use to rate this apps 5 star . but after the update i have one small issue where my moment cannot refresh . can u please fix it if it fix then i will give back five 5 star .
thank for your app .
its cool .
i love it .
great app .
i love call my friend use wechat p .
i cnt open up the wechat why its like that .
download app bt its not work . only show moon on display .
i like it .
its . great .
keep show send .
it be a good apps , but i just dont know why i have to uninstall it for every three day n have to reinstall it later because it stick and i cant even open it . please upgrade n i will give full star . thank .
get past the number and password stage . to the point where you send . me . a . code only erm . no code . ever . please fix i give you a . week till i remove . your . app and leave . the . 1 .
can't install . but i love this app .
so good .
nice application .
hv instal it twice . but it be not open .
my account always have be force stop . please fix it .
my family love use this app as it make our relationship very tie up all moment .
but why now i cant get chat notification i have to open wechat menu just the new msg can receive .
love it .
very awesome n frenly but the new vers be very slow to load n always jam .
nearby option be not available on nexus .
a good app .
i couldn't update my profile picture or send image everytime i click into my album to choose one . after scroll halfway the app suddenly restart . please fix this .
best app for voice chat n voice call , but video call . yet require lot of improvent . overall its very useful app most favourite online app . a request . bring voice call for old symbians . you must add online status feature and whats about the online status .
why cant i open this on my phone .
it be cool .
its not work .
super excite about the intend recipient please let me know .
why i cant open my account , just show that stupid moon , please do fix it .
i reinstall wechat again but still it be not let me login . still show moon only . i try another network but it still not work . pls do something .
i'm do whatever wechat ask me to maintain my balance . i'm send daily sticker on a group but still there be a deduction of rs 10 on daily basis . fake .
i download many time this wechat app but when i open it just the man and the moon forever . i really love wechat please fix . thank you so much .
if we can see who be online like facebook , i will definitely give a 5 star .
this app dont want to open .
i be fedup of see this fade green colour . it should have more color theme option . other wise it be great . i can chat or call video easily .
nice way to connect . just upgrade it .
its ask for root permission and stick at lodaing . i would like to donate fund for this apk can u provide me link from where i can donate .
after new update , incoming voice and message not alert anymore . have to launch wechat app then notification display yesterday activity . pls fix because before update , be work on real time notification . edit already set notification to on position , still same problem no notification . once launch wechat app , notification only work and its yesterday activity . before the update , it's work flawlessly . pls fix i give five star . thank .
cant you give me to open my account .
it just show a picture of a moon .
nice but wanna see who be on off line .
im love it because its free .
first i log inn and then it automatically no respond so i un install it .
this be a great app for free wifi texting . have try it earlier and be impress with all the wonderful improvement . far superior to another we try no lag . video much better than skype . very user friendly . get a friend who be new to texting to try it be easy for her . very please thank you .
everytime i shake . i find far people . please fix .
good apps .
all thing be good but . how can i know another person be online if possible please add this option at wechat app .
cant open . stick on the moon picture . please help me how to solve this problem . i want to use wechat . i love wechat . i rate 5 star for this app . my phone be samsung galaxy . please help me . as soon as possible . thank . please respond me .
great app love it 3 .
just stick at moon with the man and i be like . wht the i love wechat . can u fix this asap i will rate 5 strs if u fix it tq .
to register completely , we be require to enter a code send to us via sms or phone call but it doesn't work for me . i have try multiple time but fail miserably . please help .
gallery album load picture very slow sometimes crash .
i download this app but can not run and just show the moon i already try change set about internet or security problem on my phone it doesn't help i hope wechat support team can help me tq .
unable to receive message from group chat .
so good app . i'm love it .
it's good but not as whatapp so many of the user use whatsapp instead of we chat . please do something .
i cant open even you have give the link .
i dl few time but can't open . why can't open it be this version not suitable for samsung galaxy ace plz solve it .
my account wechat always stick . i cannot open my acc .
i cant open my wechat please fix even if i go to my wechat be stick load i still cant open it please fix .
shake feature doesnt work always .
okay here it be when iever shake it give me fake chinese people id's with no personal identity on it and say near by like 4km or else , which be not . happen since a month . fix it than you'll get 5 star .
for past a week now every time i try to open my wechat always back to previous page , i can't open it unless i uninstall and download again .
i love it .
i love it .
hope after this people can know who online icon like whtsapp . i will support wecht .
nice app .
i love wechat .
mind blow .
nice job .
i love this app .
i like this social .
i love it .
firstly its lame . secondly less user . and in nutshell you guy should stop this app function . so damn slow and dildo go around .
wechat be waste its not open .
i be every time instal sticker but my sticker be not available for more time and sticker will be dissappear automatically .
awsome ap .
very bad application hate it , . , .
i try to reinstall this but can't download it . my net connection be good . last time i'm use the same connection but now idk why can't download wc . please advise on . this matter . thank u .
wechat can not sign correctly . what happen .
this be amaze app , if wechat tell us the exact location then it will be more popular .
i dl few time but can't open . why can't open it .
how do you message your mum and dad and family thank please .
sweet app .
i download ready but can not see online why .
love this app .
we chat .
good app .
i download an app but it just won't let show the picturs at moon and that's it .
why i cant open the wechat .
i love wechat nice think about wechat be we connect new people .
how to update in moto g its an older version .
all my message go through . but i cant send photo . it want to resend all the time . the photo doenst go through at all .
keep crash . start specially after i try to download sticker .
i have fun with wechat because i can talk more with my friend also .
good one .
why can't sign up wechat my wechat stick at picture moon . i have install and unistall this app 6 time . but still same . please explain .
i wish they will put the online and offline , so that we know who's online and who's not . i love wechat . and i love to give you 5 star if u update the wechat . and add somethings new .
just love it .
i don't know wther it work or not . my wechat just figure the moon pic then it stick . and i'm try uninstall , then install it back . hope work
this app not good .
i'm first time to use this app .
good app .
nice app .
give it a try .
more interactive with that notification . keep it up .
please make liter version for slow device .
i cannot open my wechat account . i don't why . please help me i love wechat .
the best apps in the world .
join now .
download from google play . get sms code then claim account lock because log into uniffical version of we chat software . when you try to reset account via sms it say no account with that phone number . yet when i try to create an account w that number say i already have a lock account . which one be it .
i dl few time but can't open . why can't open it .
love it .
i cant login . error when im try to login even with the correct password . help me pls .
it's good .
something wrong with my apps show only a picture of a moon , please help me . t . y .
very good at all time in the world .
only we chat .
i m happy to use it .
my customed sticker become smaller on note3 . fix it please .
my wechat stick on load . where there be a man and a big moon . i wanna log in to my wechat . how can i do i have try many time to uninstall and install again . but it still stick .
great app . love you wc .
good apps . 4 star for it .
why i cannot update my wechat version 6 . 2 . 2 to 6 . 2 . 3 .
im disappoint i keep send verification code . but never reply in it i cannot verify my account . waste of time .
why can't download my friend say it's nice application . but so sad can't get it .
i love it the wechat .
cant save friend profile pic . it say it be save , but cannot find on the specify location . save picture from moment work tho .
doesn't show last send message time . please improve .
can't download it .
isn't it stupid to let you reply voice msg at the same do not have the ability to open the voice reply on android wear or google doesn't provide the api at all anyone know .
after i update this , why i cannot see my wechat anymore when i open wechat , there's only the moon come out and nothing happen .
we chat .
i download an app but its just show the moon and that it . its not login in . can't open my wechat . please do something fast as possible .
really nice .
good app .
very bad i can't vidio call or voice call , you be not use wlan , what be wlan ,
why my what's up wechat can't change please tell me how can i do it .
nice but whatsapp be better .
i cannot open my wechat please help me to fix it . thank .
why i can open it , its stick at the man on the moon that side .
i cannot use the aplocation after the update . always stock up on black screen or moon screen .
i do everything even read sit and forum for wechat but when i restore the mobile and dl it again it really stick to load . i enjoy use it but now cant use anymore . anyway thank .
im just want to know why when i use people nearby they can't see me . and after around 3 week and more they can see . after that in 30 minute that problem happen again . please help me . thank you .
nothing to say .
the 7 day ban for change location be really uncalled for , it have never happen till this update . really crap nonsense .
after it update need too re install it what the . shit .
no voice clear no video clear . really hate this app . pls dont use this .
dont have delete acc function , app be till get that too many operation please try later . very bad compare to competitor .
i really like this app .
i try to download but i cant .
i have problem this app . no verifecation code how i use it .
love it .
what happen with new sticker that be one reason why with friend use wechat . but now month and nothing , no change .
love it . it be really great .
password reset process be ridiculous after i follow the prompt every step , it ask for official id such passport , driver's license number , which be never use for sign up . and when i try to reset use email , it say the email i use do not exist . frustrate ridiculous .
i be first use this app if i see clearly face of my girlfriend . so i give you 10 star . hehe .
it doesn't have option to delete account . can someone tell me how to delete account since i've send email request to wechat support but no action have be take and no reply either . so disappoint .
love it .
they be very private with your info i really like that about them .
love it .
hi . i have forget my password completely and i wish i could recover my account . but it always show error 5 , 1 whenever i want to log in via sms and i cannot connect my wechat account with my gmail account . can you help me .
i love we chat bot can so u video call very nice .
please fix im stick at the moon , i will give 5star for the fix .
my videocall not work .
love it .
very good .
very awesome n frenly but the new vers be very slow to load n always jam .
love it .
love it .
i dl few time but can't open .
it show instal . but it be nt at ol dwnloadng . pls sort out . i need wecht . urgnt .
disfunctioning . ive try soo many time . it keep ask me go back and try again . there be no set about the location or whatsoever in the wechat setting . gosh . please fix this .
i cant not open my wechat .
dear wechat team , ive be ask to upgrade my wechat and its alrady be upgrade . but why wechat ask me to update agai its say its not the latest one . if i still do not upate to new version , ill be block . can you help to solve this problem .
it's simply awesome .
be workin ok for first day nw show me the moon and take me out again .
make my life hard .
very good .
its saz my nom be invalid when its valid .
i cant call my frnd from wechat . when i call my frnd it show you r unable to call because you be not we chat friend but i allready add her . what can i do now .
i cant log in nor sign up . it say network failure . if i try to log in via sms , i dont receive any sms in my phone . if my connection the problem , then why can i log into ig and twitter and not in wechat .
i hate this app .
after i update my wechat , it keep stick and it say wechat didnt respond bla be it a bug or something and btw , i love this wechat but because of this case , i only give u 3 star .
already fourth time download this application because have a problem when open this application .
try it frnds realy it be so nice .
your we chat be in load state with a boy n moon . how can it proceed . and still wechat not work .
its ask for root permission and stick at lodaing . i would like to donate fund for this apk can u provide me link from where i can donate .
i link my wechat account to my ipad . it work find on my ipad but my phone . it always pop up wechat be on ipad and turn off notification for phone it be really annoy i hope wechat team could fix it . another problem be why i can't change my wechat id moreover , i can't delete my account on this phone and create a new account , tell me why as soon as possible . thank .
why cannot open after update .
love it .
i download an but it just get stick on the picture of moon only . i cannot sign in . fix it asap .
would be nice to see read message when the person your chat with see your message like how line have it . the feature to see who's online like line and whatsapp . would make we chat 10 star .
my wechat always show the moon . its so long . when i uninstall and install its still show the moon pic . please help me because i love to use . wechat . please .
i already try many time uninstall and then install back , it still can't work at all for my phone . i only can talk to the moon like a idiot person . i try go to the webside like you say , also can't help . fix this up and i will give you 5 star for it . tq .
offer be at time fake and almost all them be useless .
i use all apps like skype whats app hike etc . we chat be amaze . but i could not log in . just saw a moon .
why do i can't open wechat when i open it and the moon start usual be come appear and stop like that . until now cannot open it . plz fix it .
i be have problem with share medium and can not open wechat moment at all now . it give an error message of card be absent whereas other apllications do not give this error . please fix it or show me a way to sort it out . thank .
it charge your data and take your contact in your phone it suck .
if i can post on the moment a voice . i will keep this 5stars .
y its not load my location .
love it .
cannot be open or not response at all , please check .
i trouble to use shake to search fren near me . help ples .
it be great but after my number get change , it give an invalid number error when register . and you guy aren't even rely to email .
i would give this 5 star . because its a nice app but the thing be , i cant open picture or sight please fix this .
no . it say 1 million download . and not everyone keep apps they download , so it's probably more like half a million user .
easy to use with sound clearity .
so far , i'm relly happy use this app because there no such a problem .
i already download thr latest version of wechat . when i try to open it , im not able to sign in . i use the samsung galaxy . do this model do not compatible with the latest version of the wechat .
this apps be very good . i like it . hoho muah .
why its keep show black screen and jump out please fix it asap uninstalled and instal again and again still wont help z .
after new update , incoming voice and message not alert anymore . have to launch wechat app then notification display yesterday activity . pls fix because before update , be work on real time notification .
i like .
stick in load screen .
love it .
i download this app and just the moon appear . thats it . so how can you help me .
just show the earth picture . but why .
help us to communicate more effectively and efficiently .
i love it . my favourite apps d .
not as good as whatsapp but good .
before i have download it work but afterwards when i want to download it say code error 24 .
why i open it . its show up the moon and i wait much longer to enter the wechat and it doesn't show up .
not bad .
wen instal and wen it reach 8 , it say download error , can someone help me get this apps .
i try sign up , its my number be not valid . i get and make call and message every day , no problem with the number .
especially sticker and picture always seize and show black all time .
stick at the load screen .
its be very nice apps please download the apps .
i love it . pretty clear and it's easy to use . wish i could post a video and know my friend if they're on or not . good job so far .
why we chat take too much memory . wechat can be perfect if add people who's online and read such as whatsapp .
i like it .
i try that video call with my friend . that video call always lag . so please improve or upgrade your video call . thank you .
to make new friend .
why this wechat always problem and problem my acc always happen a same thing , new moment didnt come out and cant even reply message cant even load sight whenever moment didnt come out . it simply mean my wechat always happen like this . fix this crap , lot of people complain about it .
its good .
i need to press into it then know i receive message from my friend .
yesterday i download and enjoy this app . but icannot login today . why it have suddenly become a logout state automatically in this morning . please support me soon .
why cant use people nearby without wifi even change simcard for use mobile data but still same . please fix it soon .
i have download but i can't install .
love it .
i don't know why when i open wechat it just show me the moon wallpaper and nothing else this problem can go on for hour and still no change . i hav urgent stuff to do with my wechat please resolve this problem quick .
love it .
i've download . but when i open it only show a moon . how many time should i uninstall and install it .
i hope that this apps can be more colourful than green .
this app be good and usefull app .
i like .
don't know .
why my we chat can't open after the update few day back but still can receive message but can't open it to read , it will automatically log out to my menu .
very nice m njoying dis app , thank to the developer to entertain r free time .
with moon .
why always crash huh i have tu reinstall it again .
we want speed open please .
i update my wechat and cant open it anymore wil anyone tell me why um really miss my dear wechat friend .
wechat be best . i like to play wechat very much .
i can't log in to we chat .
its don't need to write all i need to do be just speak . its fun and fast .
verification page be not open . i cant login my account . please fix this problem .
i like this applr .
i have download wechat but . i can't make any moment s and i don't know how to make it . help me .
hi friend it's really good so who be in love just try this software so u can feel better .
but because not fair .
i use sony z3 . when i call my friend with wechat voice call display not turn off but another app work .
can you do this app on window 8 .
sometime cannot send message . that one only problem .
after get the latest update , i cant login anymore . tsk .
totally the best social app i have use ever . can send message , post on moment and even video call . i love we chat so much .
i have install it many time , but i cant log in . it just show the earth .
i down fine any new third in it . same like other chat app .
why it can't install .
samsung tab2 10 . 1 whay tha video call be opposite the camera .
my wechat stick on load . i can't open my account
best chat application to use in china . wide community .
we chat .
cool app amaze love it .
i cant even open it . stick at the moon i'll give 5stars if u let me open it .
good app .
thing i think need to be add or be upgrade video image quality , video signal quality , group public chat , delivery see status , last log in info , include customise setting on these for user privacy . therefore , average .
message can be easily wipe out when you don't back it up every day . i like the app but sometimes when an update happen or you have to reinstall it . you risk lose all your message and photo despite have a login and such .
love it but if i can upload video to my moment it would be excellent lol .
not get the option people nearby .
this hat star be just for that my account be block and the reason give be not applicable on me . it be like i've send porn etc via drift bottle . o c'mon i never be interest in these type of activity . so all i can say one day we chat gonna send me to jail for the crime which i've never do . uninstalling we chat .
i need a new wechat account , but i hate my id , i just want to delete my account , but there's no option to delete account . it's okay to create a new wechat account , but really i have to delete my ugly id first . please can wechat have an option to delete account thank you .
why i cant download this app many time i try to download .
my wechat have insufficient storage so i uninstall it . when i want to install it back , it just say , unknown error code during application install 24 . i have try instal for 10 time and it still show the same thing .
this thing . be total crap .
cool app .
because he show a picture of moon .
i really like how u can text , call , and video chat people love the sticker too , really fun to download them .
pz plz fix the problem application instal but not able open the app .
actually this be a nice app .
could you please to provide to see offline or online friend apart from that everything be pretty cool .
so far its ok except that i cant receive call even i have download wechat voice call and wait . and notification delay . hope to fix it and i will stay with my 5 star .
why when i install this application can't open .
good app .
run on bb10 which be great as the native app do not allow video call , but it run the phone very hot . overall a good app and necessary in china , but would like improvement of the desktop version and blackberry version .
its great app but pls do include deliver read notification and online offline notification too in the next update asap .
when i shake my phone why i never find people from my country please check your database .
i love it because i can talk with my friend .
download app but when i use video chat my camera appear upsidedown .
make latest version compactible on android 2 . 3 , i dont have money to buy new phone , please make latest version compactible on my phone . or can i use previous version like 5 . 3 it seem compactible on my phone answer please .
how can i send in appropriate content through drift bottle .
i really hate this app too much before this i can use but after i install this app again , this app just stick and show the picture of moon . pls fix this app and i will change the rate and give a positive comment .
never crash , work efficiently and doesn't hog memory or cache . chinese people love the voice message feature and i personally love the onboard translation feature . it save have to copy and paste message to google translate . and it allow me to send english message to a chinese person and they can translate right in the application . please don't add a who's online and when feature . girl only use that garbage to spy on their boyfriend and cause drama about when and why they be online .
always tell ne no net in your phone and i should off my wifi and turn on again to work fix it pls .
i hvnt never see this like good application .
hey dont download this app .
after update , wechat couldn't open it boot until the welcome moon world logo then shut down please fix this wechat developer .
nice and good .
good apps .
we chat not open my ph . help me . not open this app . why .
add also last see .
if possible then add online last see message read etc .
i jst by mistake dltd it . n now when i try to download it again . it show me a eror . plzz can u give me a solution to it . othrwise . my rat would go down .
its easy to view , useful social connect friend family etc . truable app .
how i can see who now online or offline .
i instal wechat but won't let me go , only show the moon im wait for 1 hour .
very nice .
it have laoding problem . it stips at earth and thats it .
lol wtf , i get ban because of share porn advertise on drift bottle when i didn't . so i get ban for nothing be there a bug .
it would be great . if it would only open my wifi be connect . my other message come through but it won't start . i dont know what to do .
like it .
fill with bot and booker , don't bother .
ohh god . i can't believe . before day i give 5star . now 0 because after instal only show the moon picture .
should be innovative , but still as usual .
i try to register and i write my phone number but i didnt get my verification sms even though i try several time . i also try get a phone call i they call me twice but there be nobody at the other end please help me to register s .
wechat always create a problem . i see picture of moon only and can not see our friend online or not . whatsapp can see online friend can not state wechat .
i lot of helpful to spend the time and lot of fun and etc .
it would be great if you add the offline or online status like whatsapp , thankyou .
my account totally block and ant use my self number unblock . this be unofficially acount what the mean write until today cannot fix the problem my id have be band when i open people nearby very bad 1time face it problem have be fix already thank but no next time i hate to face it thank you wechat team .
it's great .
great app .
just wow love the wakie takie feature . just amaze . clear n too gud . kudos team we chat .
plz fix the problem application instal but not able open the app .
it be the greatest app ever .
how can i visit the url my wechat always stalk .
my wechat always stick in load status , what should i do .
why cant i get south acfican people on my shake .
i love this app .
very nice .
i don't want update new version cause it to big size of mb my phone can be hang cause the phone ram be small and i don't want appreciate your rat and please don't fix my old version wechat .
sign up . put in password . try to sign in again and it doesn't recognize it . now it want more personal information . i don't feel comfortable with this . what's up .
every time i install this app , i can only use my account for 24hrs and then the app ban me from log in again . so i have to uninstall the app and install again . its frustrate . how do i install this app permanently on my tablet pls help me .
every time i install this app , i can only use my account for 24hrs and then the app ban me from log in again . so i have to uninstall the app and install again . its frustrate . how do i install this app permanently on my tablet pls help me .
i like it very much . allmof u keep download .
if you do , the mark for see or unseen in the chat . thank you .
i cant download photo from this application either from chat moment or profile .
we have just downloded it but at last when it be 95 error hat that .
i can't update my moment . and i cant see anything on my moment .
why i cannot open wechat anymore . it only show the moon picture .
in this version all the emoticon tho as ios style can display normally . its much of an improvement . also suprised to find the custom sticker be back up in cloud .
hi can you do something its be a while since my wechat have be the cause of heavy battery drain on my note 2 , i even update it to the latest version .
proude of this maker .
sticker be too lovable then any others .
it's cool but add the option where we can see whether the person be online or not .
it happen again just show me the moon cant get in again .
why still can't use answer please .
friend be everywhere .
last few day can't use . every want to online only show the big moon that's it all . actually i'm very like it this wechat . clear picture n clear voice when in call .
why i can't download this app . stupid .
recently get problem it keep log out automatically when i'm chat with friend . please tix it .
only the moon picture come that's it , it doesn't open .
best program .
no longer can open wechat after the update . it keep force close .
love it .
i can't install it again it take a time , day and week to install it again . hope i can install it again i need this up , i'll uninstall it because i need to format my phone . how can i install it again .
every update this app . eat my space .
newly register . suddenly block me , can't log in . state that my phone number be invalid .
i'm from mauritius , it say invalid number why .
i love it .
i love it .
can't find shake friend , i hate that about them .
why my wechat cannot able to use when i open the software and it will force shut down .
your reply be good for nothing .
i love it but the bad news be when im off my data be it will not respond to open but why be it happen so , i need to uninstall and download it again .
like it .
my friend also use this apps .
it would be very useful the possibility to use it on tablet and phone at same time . why do i need to log in and log out every time .
i can't open wechat . try open several time but it just crash pls fix .
i install wechat but why i can sign in only i saw the moon logo . i cant open it true online . please help me to sign in again . or to use my old account . thanj you .
there something wrong with the wechat , when i shake to look up the people it say no result find . just happen few hour ago , before that it be fine .
i download this app and it stick at the moon .
thank u .
its take a time to message ,
i download it many time but i still cannot log in this be bullshit .
i send two email about my request for account deactivation . i didn't get any reply from you guy for nearly a month , would you please .
sometimes it seem fake or robo when search for people or shake phone .
i download wechat but it not to go on the picture of moon only get thats it . i like to use wechat . please fix it .
i like it .
why i can't mention someone in my group chat ever since i start to use my wechat account i already delete and reinstall it but same issue again . could you please help me to fix this problem i really want to mention someone . thank much .
cant access n i jst saw a moon for 3 minute without anything happen . please fix this bug .
weri be you think of go to be a good idea to advertise the uk and ireland and the price of course the same time as the market leader in your area of the king of the most popular game and software product and service to help me with a few day ago by the way ok the best way be fine with me and i have be make to order a new one by one of my . ok .
it wont let me find my best feiend who be move to germany soon and all i can find be chinese people i would not recommend it .
i download this app and just the moon appear . thats it . so how can you help me .
why this application when i open it , it just show the earth . why .
its not open now .
love it .
i download the application but it only show the image of the moon only
very nice but can be better .
there seem to be some kind of installation problem . i can download everything but wechat , and when my phone get die and i turn it back on , it automatically delete the app and wouldn't let me re download it by state that there's installation error .
so bore now . i do update on wechat now it wouldn't log in more than these moon picture that be all .
great interface and very responsive .
the send button doesn't work after upgrade to v6 . 2 . 2 have to hit send many time to send a message .
nice app .
i love it .
best of best .
i cannot open my wechat , whenever i try to open , the moon only appear .
this app be so nice .
everybody like this .
only show moon not go further .
the best .
it be usefull but so long size app .
luv this app . 3 .
why update liao not same with friend de le .
good app but dont earn talktime for scheme .
i love use wechat . but the update on my android phablet be so hard . i try to update many time but it didn't allow me . so right now i uninstall the app and try to redownload i hope that it won't give me any trouble .
after the update , we chat be not open . it come black screen and close on its own .
why it's cannot be open . please help .
work on all network .
just love it .
nice 4 look 4 whatever u need .
the best .
love it .
when i uninstalled n download again , why my all record be disappear n cant find back .
good ap .
i download wechat but it not to go on the picture of moon only get thats it .
why it's very hard to connect to a video or voice even if our net connection be very good and also ive try to use this walkie talkie but it doesnt work even i many try to push the button tab . i hope ull fix this thankz .
i still can't log in and stick at earth image . i can't also find that url you've give it to me before this . poor wechat .
really nice app .
i'll give u a five star if u update wechat to see who be online offline that's more better i hope u can update what i want .
it be so slow . please improve this . but so far you fail to meet up the demand of people use this app on my z1 i guess you wont improve the system to us .
videocalls i would give 5 star if the app will show me a new notification whenever the person im talk to send a message to me . also if i can play around with the video window make my cam bigger , or return to normal , move my cam around the screen . more power .
okay but not perfect .
after update . it just show me the moon . and that's it . how can i play wechat with the moon . please fix be as soon as possible .
gud one . bt . only one prblm . we can't see who's offline or online .
i want throw bottle .
cannot open after update use samsung young .
awesome app .
i love it .
love this app to love new one .
when i want to open . i cant get the cod .
awesome app .
i love it .
i download this app and it doesnt work because it only show the picture of the moon . thats all . can someone help me please . its be like this for day .
my wechat app be not respond . as it cannot be open since last thursday .
when select photo for wallpaper , select a folder would lead me into another folder . plus the sort suck .
why you can't add the feature of multiple broadcast list and can edit in broadcast list , at the moment i can't make broadcast list and i can't add any new friend into it , can't remove any person from list , every time i need to make new broadcast list for new friend , not really happy this time , please fix this issue ,
again after the most recent update , it be fine for a few day . then crash again . please update .
best way to connect people .
my shake be not work properly .
no need to update the version because it so unnecessary .
new version we chat great . thx .
i download this app and it always show wechat be not respond and the stupid moon appear and then nothing happen . this app suck .
i cant get in my we chat . just a man with a moon all the time . please fix it .
plz fix the problem application instal but not able open the app .
may i know how to delete the we chat account .
my id be ban for a while and so call reason be pornography via bottle msg . i don't remember send such msg via bottle msg why the hell would i use wechat for such stuff , if i have to , i'd probably visit adult date site . accuse me with such stuff be really lame and be 100 furious about it .
its always write you be not we chat friend . please help me .
this app be good and usefull app .
now only i use this app .
people near bye not work .
u must add a status friend to show if he online or no .
very good application .
love it .
i love we chat .
i love it .
after register and after a while i can't show up in people nearby why .
if i open the app , it always say unfortunately , your wechat have stop and i hate the situation like that . i uninstall and install but it still keep the same . please fix it and i'll give you 5 star . its a good app actually .
before it be nyc bt now i cannot search who be nearby be try to searh bt no result show why da soft be go down .
and it's my heart and i love so much and i will use it .
love it .
love it . keep you good work and i'll keep my 5 star . good apps .
good app .
wechat need a massive ui design update , and to improve the chat function so you can tell who's online and when they receive your message .
only show me the picture of a moon .
love it .
i hvnt never see this like good application .
wechat use to be my favourite app . but , now what happen i always stick in load status when i try to log in help .
i've sign up 5 different time and still can't get a confirmation code for my phone number or the 4 other active phone number i try . its like wtfp complete waste of time just to get no where .
i love what's app . easy communicate with family and frnds .
i like it too much but help me in open of wechat .
it's not work on my phone .
easy to use .
i download wechat just to see the moon .
great use it .
if i search for new friend i can see online or offline people , but why there be no option in friend list i can't see who be online in my friend list . it's suppose to show us same like whatsapp .
everytime whenever i open my wechat it's suddenly appear my homepage . now i can't ever open my wechat like usuall anymore . i'm already uninstalled and instal it back . but nothing be change . i've be use wechat for a long time and it's become a part of my life . please fix this problem as soon as possible . i'm already send by email .
i like it .
this app be soo nice . i love we chat .
why my wechat account always get stick at the man and the moon then i cant use my wechat account as usual . i have to uninstall it then install it again if i want to use it again . i have to repeat that action if i want to use my wechat account again at the next day give a reply please .
i've be use wechat for a long time then it tell me i can't access my account nd its be ban and i've be use an unofficial account . this be bullshit .
very nice .
so much big damn app size i hate this green colour too .
love this app .
its really very good .
previous version prior to this one crash when try to load select large photo selection . this version be unable to load same large photo base . suggestion be to use native android gallery app or add photo selection apps such as quickpic .
can't delete my account .
worth my time .
this app be not open .
i update . and its help me delete my unwanted file . and help me clear my storage manage file but i cant open my wechat now its load until now but cant open it . please fix it . wechat team tq .
but . its not gud when some one comment on ur photo . n u don't like that comment . n u can't delete . thats not fair . plz fix it .
after update . i be unable to open we chat . once the earth image come it automatically close .
i love it .
very good .
also use .
nice app .
video call work good .
good app .
why after update i cant open my wechat please take action to repair it .
app be good but unable to find nearest people exactly .
would it be possible to send other file format like voice record . etc . to make the app more convinient .
it would be much great if the sender can see if the message be already read by reciever . like on facebook there be see indicator .
the preview text be too small , wish it can be bigger .
you now download this application and enjoy it .
very good .
great apps easy to use .
more update , more glitch . so many service that will much steal my ram data .
very poor connectivity only moon pic be show .
what's app msg send at same tym same network . wechat msg can't send . pure china product . china ka h to kitna chalega .
hmm . icant . download it . because . its aps . its so suck . and . very . suck . why can't download . hmm .
not bad .
my we chat app be not open . its get stick after update .
i can't open my wechat i need to uninstall it and install again so it will work .
doesnot open the my balance section at all . dt mean even aft send sticker and use wechatt no use no balance talktime .
please reply immediately , how can i save sight video this be important . i would give it a 5 star if you would .
i instal wechat but won't let me go , only show the moon im wait for 1 hour .
the system do not open the folder i click on . it open many pic at random and after 10 11 scroll down , the screen go black . m use a motog 4g .
nice app .
i like this app actually but it make me dislike it when i change to new phone number . that old account cannot be delete . please . fix it .
i think it would be rad if we can share video .
program lock me out because i have an older version . upgrade and then lock me out . could not every get the program to work again so i have delete it . very disappoint .
why i cant log in it say unable to log in 5 , 1 i try to recover but it be not restrict . please help .
overall decent , but have some issue with go offline , can't stay on a voice call reliably off wifi , sometimes can't download sticker , voice call speakerphone be completely random and without choice , and send voice message be sometimes so low volume it's hard to hear .
we chat .
now its always connect . not like before .
i like wechat .
awsme app ever i wld rcomend to my friend .
i can't even open my wechat . it just show me the picture of moon . i'm already delete and install back and the same thing happen again , again and again . please solve this problem . thank you xx .
its only show the moon picture for a long time help me .
we chat .
we can't see who be online and offline , there be no video group chat or video conference .
why it stick when i m log in load status , make me sick .
after update latest version 6 . 2 . 2 my wechat cnt open anymore always show the moon only and i cnt do anything now fix the problem quickly pls don't give me any website to solve the problem , i try already , still cnt open my wechat .
please upgrade your wechat with online option . like whatsapp and viber we can see online to opposite person .
love this app , love everything about it so easy to use . only thing to make it better would be if i could have it on my phone and tablet and sync them together other than that 5 star .
just down load but i only see moon nothing else .
awesome app .
i don't want update new version cause it to big size of mb my phone can be hang cause the phone ram be small .
why my wechat cannot open .
can't even download the apps .
i wan update tis apps but cannot . can u tell me why .
love it .
i be not able to search people nearby . earlier it be there in the discover menu now it isn't available . kindly help .
trouble in download this apps .
this be one great app .
i can't even log in to my wechat why be this happen .
i like this app , but it's get a problem with the call end tone , the tone can be damage the user ear . please fix it . tq .
do not update if use old phone model , update newer version eat up your memory space , really unstable and be annoy me .
wechat be not respond all the time . idk why but i really hate it .
love it .
its so good and fun but why its always stick i love wechat but its alway stick .
love this app .
like n love it but my problem be canot go on still see a moon . please help me to open my we chat again .
this be very nice app but video not work properly .
its in hd and i can see my friend clearly and not blurry .
load i only see the moon what the im so disappoint .
whenever m try to reply someone without accept the request the reply be not go .
my wehat always crash and unable to open after the new update . uninstalling and reinstall it would not help . i hope the next update would fix it . im use bluestack .
cannot open my wechat . only open until the moon . suck .
why always not respond i've try so many time . keep install ing and uninstall back . keep repeat . but still dont work . help me i'm really enjoy with wechat . and i hope wechat can restore old conversation if we logout and login back . thankyou .
one thing i can speak but this apps i dont know who people online the wechat by the way i can play coc all people give id wechat so i have many friend in wechat .
ive save someone default picture into my phone , and it say that it have be save in a file . but when i look up into the file , the picture be not there . please fix this . i have use different type of file manager and still the same problem happen .
not gud .
i give 4 star so you could improve for better , love the fact that this app so privacy that no one know either you r online or you hv read their message or not .
what mean by duplicate provider authority what can i solve this matter .
it be not so good . see download error .
nice app .
if u add like whats app who in online or off line that more better to chat the user if u can pls add that in your next version all the best .
i like this new version so i can use all emoji that i want yey thank you .
i really love it i enjoy it but really need to do with the sticker .
i think this be cool i just get it .
it wont let me get it because where i be .
have best source to keep in touch with friend everywhere .
it the best communication be good .
i can t see any picture or photo in chat or in moment , only able to see profile picture , what happen .
i download it but it wont let me go from moon . be it load or not . 3 hour i wait for it . but . very disappoint . can you help me to find solution . plzz .
just love it .
be there any way to deactivate we chat account i don't want other ppl to keep send message to my old account .
very nyc app .
i dont know why after awhile my wechat will not work . cant see any moment update and any text receive .
i uninstall and download again still not work with this new update .
why be my old account lose . then it log in but all of the contacs be lose .
i love it .
i love it .
suddenly can't open it . and its continue for 2 day . need to reinstall it again and again .
i always install and at the same time uninstall it because it's stucks . please fix this . and im use it to contact my sister work abroad . thank you so much .
the best .
like it .
still cant open the wechat when follow the struction you give , do you have another solution .
good for me . wechatgood .
this be a useful chat apps .
i'll give 5 star if you allow we use sight last longer .
now it be good .
won't to go in . just picture of moon .
i can't convert my gif to sticker , pls fix this .
how can i login if its only show a guy n a moon . where's the login button .
ever since a few update month ago , i be not get any new sticker . be that deliberate i haven't receive any new sticker offer for a long time .
i like it .
i see earth and man 24 hour why .
it only accept 11 digit number like 60 xx . i can't register with my number which be 1 digit more 60 xx .
it be great .
i hve install app but wnt start alws moon pic be sow .
amaze it be love it .
cannot download .
love this app .
its always say you be not we chat friend . please help me .
its not open . all i can see it the earth and man stand .
i cant see who online now , please update wechat .
before the update i can use my bluetooth headset during video call here in wechat . now if i answer the call it automatically go to loudspeaker . hope u can fix it .
i be not able to make voice call and video call to my contact who be use we chat . and as i try call it come that you unable to connect coz you be not we chat friend . plz help .
i try instal the app but then it keep on say unknown error code 24 what be this .
i can't get notification from we chat and notice that it sign me out by itself . this problem continue even after i reinstall it . now when i tap on the app , it turn into black screen and back to my phone menu .
better than whatsapp .
love it .
very nice app .
good app .
almost 1 year i suggest this matter . better add more stuff like msg read , online status and more . tq .
it just show the picture of a moon and stick . and i already have visit the web . and it's doesn't work . fix this asap .
can wechat team make wechat chat like the whatsapp application . such like have a blue tick . it will be great .
this app be veryy good , thank for make this app . i hope this app be the best .
ilike wechat because i can talk with my friend .
it be super annoy .
those disgust dude probably 80 90 from middle east use the shake to get girl to s xcam with them . they will show you their private place .
why i can't open after a few month and after i update it go good . but after 1 week it can't open again . please tell me what i can to do .
i cant open my wechat . it only show a picture of earth with man stand and then be stick . help me .
nice app .
i instal an app but it just show a picture of the moon and it's all .
i think someone hack wechat coz i see profile pic on my gallery for people i saw them when i shack my phone i didn't save that pic .
the app be excellent to use and be very user friendly . the progressive nature of the app be real good . however , as a user i would like to do a few edit and it do not allow me to do , especially for my username . i would like my username to be something mean full . please help . thank .
i hope we can see who be online offline . it be better right . i love this app .
nearly perfect app . love it . addition of sight be great beat whatsapp hand down . but miss some feature i really like in whatsapp 1 . crop tool for photo 2 . last online offline 3 . see of msg have be read yet 4 . option to turn of 3 4 if u don't want others to know this info . 5 . regular keyboard emojis display in msg . presently i just see . however ppl use iphone5 say they can see them when i post them thank .
i hpe tht the button be appare like the old one . please fix it . for batter improvement .
nice app .
i download this apps . already log in and it's suddenly close . i try to go in back and i wait for the image to be load and it's stick until the moon image and it's back to my home page until i restart my tab and then i install it back still the same happen . before this i use alcatel and it's ok but i've ever use asus tab with wechat but i don't know why this time it's not work . help me with this situation then i can give u back 5 star .
whats wrong with it i already instal it but it wont let me log in . it still the picture of the moon . please fix it cause i badly want this wechat .
cant creat a new id on my new number it say this number be invalid .
why i can't use people nearby .
i can make a happy moment about my life .
use half of my phone's battery , while it's just sit with the screen off .
i love this app .
my moment always stop and not work .
try to add more emot icon not sticker .
very much .
if i can upload video from my gallery , if i can send full video mp3 , if i can record more longer , if i can download video on moment , if . try add this . i'd appreciate that .
i like it .
sometimes not work .
it's great not bad but i like it because i pretend to be a star and it work lol dumb indian .
be use for a while now , very easy and nice .
very nice .
luv it .
i have link my acc with my old number and never use the number since expire already , and i've receive msg from wechat team that my old number have a link with new id wechat . glad to know my acc wechat still go on and stay . thats awesome hv a good job team .
ok but cant not open .
thumb up for wechat .
very awesome n frenly but the new vers be very slow to load .
in older version , i can easily find out the people nearby by that option . but after upgrade this option do not show anything . i want to see people who be around my locality . please fix it .
why i can't open my wechat anymore no matter i use wifi or data .
its the best aap ever .
cool app .
please help me in . i keep install unistall but the only thing that appear be the moon without give me a way to log in . stick . i've lot thing to do . please fix the problem as soon as possible . help me out from this problem .
clearly important for a teenager like me so i don't wait to be reply for a long time .
love it .
love it .
i hate this application .
every time i lock my phone for few minute , i won't be able to get notification till i unlock n open wechat apps only i manage to receive . check all setting and seem perfectly find . what be go on .
itz a amaze fantastic app help us to make new friend to do video call as such i'll give 5star rat to this . thank we chat team .
watsup baby doll .
i dont know how to dlete my account wechat . please tell me .
i can't open my wechat . when i open , it become the moon picture . what can i do to open it .
i like it .
we chat cannot install for my android .
love be the friendship .
i love wechat .
easy to use .
i use to love it .
when i try to open it . it will stick at the moon . long time i wait for log in but it never come out . please help me .
i cannot download photo my friend send me and it be really inconvenient . i want to save those photo in my phone .
can yall make this fun app where if u make another acount then u can automaticly get ur old conatcts back becuz now im have trouble this be come from a 10 year old so make some change .
it be terrible . i recently update my wechat around 2 day ago and after the update , i can't enter my wechat . as i enter my wechat , it exit out by itself . now when wanna reinstall bck my wechat , it show that error while download wechat . plss help me . wechat be really urgent to me .
i cant open my wechat . it only show a picture of a moon with man stand and then be stick . help me .
it say that i need a verication code nope .
i like it but please show who be online and who's not .
i like it .
i love it .
why i can't my wechat anymore .
i love this app plz post this add on television .
after update feature not find .
this be my fav application .
easy to chat .
always ask for feedback make me annying with this application dude .
why it just show the picture of a moon and that's it and i cannot to log in .
what wrong i don't receive notification when i use other app .
i love it .
we want an arabic language , respect us please . thank you .
i love meet good people .
i redownloaded it a bunch of time , it would either leave me on the boy look at the earth or my screen be just plain black . please fix .
instal for office purpose .
good for me .
this wechat be always error . what happen i really hate this .
new version be too bad .
love it .
i can't use my acc because i stick at the picture of the moon and i have to uninstall it again but i still stick at the picture of the moon , help me . i need this for my business .
when i use shake it show chinese , japanese people . not from current country . it suck whenever it happen . again same thing happen .
why it always happen to me although i have good internet connection . please help i really love wechat .
very fine .
error to download what the f .
i wanna send a video at the moment i have a lot of video tnx for read .
i be study program and this app size be very huge acc to me its size should be low and not more than 15 mb .
love it .
why i can't open my wechat after this last update .
nice thing .
we chat .
pls fix it .
i wish front camera can be use for sight .
i have downlod this new ver . but it not open just show moon fix it plz .
i download , after 2 week , this apps not work . cannot load the moment . or anything . so bad . too bad .
love it it's so good .
hi please help me i have send feedback help for my issue but i havent get a reply yet from wechat . please get back to me asap i beg u please . my wechat id be thisisdammafan .
my phone cant install wechat . seriously , i dont know why . everytime i install this app , it will say error , unknown code during application instal 24 .
i hav dwload the app but it keep show the picture of moon and wont let me go on .
but it would be too good if we can see people online and offline . plz make it better fast .
love it .
decent app .
fix the version well , i cannot view the comment .
friend chat to this app .
not bad .
i have download new version for wechat . when i want to log in i stick at moon image . i have uninstall wechat and reinstall but i still can't log in . please do something .
i download a wechat but i cannot log in . i can see the picture the moon only .
ppl be say they want to do a sex chat with me and they send me porn picture and be like really nigga be 10 plz help me wechat team .
nice chat application .
why suddenly wechat log out my account why and if i try to log in back , its can't be use , why .
have to manually delete all the folder create by we chat inorder to clear up the space its waste .
why i install this app . it just show a moon . i cant log in .
always not respond . can u fix it . i always install .
wechat not load . also try the url mention to eliza but url not find . just see the moon nd then nothing . its be 2 day .
nyc app .
can i make a new account with a same phone number .
this app be awesome . i like it very much . one thing , add more emotion . thx .
pls fix it asap .
very good .
just cool app .
i better not update the app coz i can't see the picture that clearly . it become so blurry . i think the app fix some bug . hm .
i cant see any pic on moment . it's not show or load . just black at all .
if we can see people be offline or online and if we can change back wechat id be more better . i hope you guy keep do a goodwork .
just like it .
why can't chnge what's up .
lately the new version 6 . 2 . 2 be update to my phone andriod version 2 . 3 . 6 and be unable to open wechat . very annoy . want to reinstall older version 6 . 0 . 2 but cannot locate this version in google play . can anybody help why no reply from wechat . i want to reinstal back the older version to continue with wechat . please tell me how please tell me if samsung galaxy a3 have this issue or not .
it just show the picture of a moon and stick .
i love the app . the best app in playstore believe me .
i have to instal it twice a day . this problem keep come . i have nothing wrong with my wifi . all my friend be mad at me cos im not reply their message . i have to give them the same excuse . i cant use my wechat . thats just so bullshit . please fix this . i dont want to lose my conversation cos its important . please fix it .
love it .
i'm still have problem send freshly create moman camera's gif . emoticon . it use it be fine . and i'm use the latest version of wechat as there be no more update in samsung play store . now i can only use it in qq chat .
that's good .
it be nt show people nearby option .
why it stick at moon picture after i update it .
this app be not good . they try to copy mark zuckerberg work . shame on you devs .
oh my wechat can sudden log out and clear all my chat history wechat can be hack by others be it really now i can't see any moment send any pic lose all function what i can do now what's be 24 error installation i can't install new one .
love the application .
i love my best friend's because they be so nice to me .
this be one of the best messanger .
just nice .
plese fix it . i cannot login the wechat .
we chat , facebook messenger . the holy bible .
wechat the best apps .
it work well for group chat , share picture , and keep in touch in general . however , it need a refresh button as it sometimes do not display the newest message .
i love thus app coz its a very beautiful n good one .
hi , i be from iran , i love your app but i cant use it without vpn .
my wechat be like offline even if its connect to wifi or mobile . i dont know .
how can i open my old wechat account since i accidentally open a new one with the same id and phone number please answer me . i'm beg you .
pls give advice how to solve the problem . i can't download we chat say error download due to 492 what that mean pls i need to fix it .
it very good .
stick with the moon don't know why suddenly i can't open the app . please fix .
when i download it and open just a night scene show on screen and nothing option available . what's the problem .
i update wechat to the latest version , but why still don't have the transfer and lucky money .
it seem to be close for ever , l can't open it at all , please help me i need to reopen it and get my meassegs , plz help .
now i cant open it just stick at load .
its amaze and wonderful way of contact .
islam be the way of life .
very good because i like play tecent poker at wechat . haha .
five star .
your we chat be in load state with a boy n moon . how can it proceed .
not able to see who all be online . please update this in your next version .
this app rock .
nice app .
i juz love it , a great app to find new frnz .
it be great but after my number get change , it give an invalid number error when register .
i have instal for third time but i still cant open it even from other phone i use , instal it and i cant open .
take lot of time to send receive message . if i close open we chat it will be fine , after few message problem again start . plz fix it .
like it but clearity be not very good like skype .
nice app .
pretty good , with the feature of people nearby , but the user do not know his message have be read or not .
i like the app , but recently my wechat keep give problem with send voice message , most of the time even i press the voice buttun properly but the voice message send automatically , that give me lot headache now , how i can solve this problem .
i dont know way .
thank you .
its good .
it doesn't even work i have download it several time i need this app , plese fix it .
love it .
same here . i can't log in . just show a moon and someone stand . so many time i try .
firstly new update version be not open then i uninstall it and again download but it just suck again . just a man stand from planet appear . then just force close .
what ever .
it's make me lose my bore time for chat my friend . it's fast to load not like an other apps .
love so much . chat3x .
very useful .
not best but better than other .
i love it .
why to long go i open this app erghh shit .
after the recent update , my wechat get many probem . take picture , send of picture , load of picture , seaching old picture to forward , it will auto restart or pop out wechat have stop . please fix it asap and i will give a 5 star instead of 1 .
easy to access .
what's wrong be wait for the verification code for 30 minute now .
block person still can be view . please fix this .
very good .
seek help on facebook page and via email . no feedback for few day already . poor support .
keep it up .
good apps .
nice app .
update my mi into miui6 , unable to load picture and sticker .
becouse my wechat cannot open for login .
i can download it but when i open the app , only the moon will pop out what's go on . here why can't i log in can anyone answer me .
its a wondrfull app u can chat vid any1 all around the globe just by shake ur cell phone .
improve it a bite then you will have my five star . it get stick quite a lot .
because it's really too comfortable app .
can't search this page at all .
add offline msg option to it .
go i want to use it , this application only show picture of the moon .
when i continously chatng my keyboard gt disappear .
initially it be run fine but now it crash every time . cant send pic . nor download sticker .
nice app .
there be no option to delete the account . we have to send email to the support team . really i should have not try it . i want my account to b delete .
i've be use wechat for a few year , and it's function well . however , i couldn't send out any message or load post from subscription account today eventhough my internet connection be strong . please help . thank .
my wechat doesn't have notification at the status bar . i only can retrieve my msg when i open wechat . pls work on this issue .
i've download this app two time but it doesnt work . it just show the picture of moon . please help me i love wechat and wanna use it again .
great app .
simple but awesome mobile social for network .
love it .
it still stick at load . i have unistall an install so many time and it stil the same . solve this problem quickly pelase .
i use the people nearby feature in wechat . when i send greet to my friend . my friend's wechat did't receive the greet at all . i have be re download a few time but the problem still there .
i have this application before but sometimes its hard to log in so i decide to install and install again but there be error 504 show please advise .
one thing be miss in this app . i cant see any body be onln or offln .
location of people be way out .
now the app be lag more and all the time it be force close and also still now im unable to change my profile pic and my update .
nice app .
new version be very good .
i download it and it say that it be not instal .
i cannot open my wechat stock up in logo .
every one use this in malaysia .
please fix the this problem on shake be unable to find people of my locality it's just go in china malaysia iraq please fix it up soon .
great apps .
why i cant open this app .
think its good .
after update it's not work properly i can't find my friend i don't find nearby people in shake please fix .
it's a good app . also i've get a problem as till yesterday my wechat be work fine but today it's not open . please fix it asap .
i find some best friend on wechat . because of wechat i really love my friend . i wanna say thank a lot wechat team , really thank you give me best friend .
it be nice app to help who people which haven't single any b . f g . f . to make the same , over all it's a gud 1 app .
near by discover be disapeared when i update the app .
great app .
i really love this app , very easy and light to use . and find location be very accurate . just one more thing if you guy would make it that we can see if the other party read our message or atleast we can see if they're online . thank you so much .
we can chat .
wonderful free call and sms app it's very easier for me to contact people .
any wechart support team here . help me i can not login my id , what can i do for it .
i wish next update can be last see like whatsapp .
ive update the wechat . when i want to open it . it be stick like it dont let me to log in . i try install and unistall many . but the same thing still happen .
i love the wechat for this reason . along with the voice and video feature .
i just install the new version of wechat and after it be do when i want to open the wechat it just let me see the moon , so dissappointed .
i cant open my wechat . its always show wechat could not respond . i hate this apps .
i have no problem until the update cane down . now , it be have server issue . i email support for help , nothing so far . help please .
dun like this after update , cant see the image that can move , before update can save the sticker at gallery , now show at wechat that cant move anymore .
what da it only show the moon and then boom . back to home . i already restart my phone and it same . nothing change . i dont think im the only one who have this problem . please fix it as soon as possible .
stick at the man with moon without anything happen . for hour still nothing .
its good but cant share the music and cant see the friendz online .
there's a glitch with upload any photo . it crash and restart .
translation still need work . else , not bad . like more time in life to use these thing .
very helpful .
why my wechat cant open it just show moon and stick there .
when i download wechat i just show picture of the moon slove this problem please .
we chat ask me to press reward tab but there be no reward tab .
my message can't backup nor restore because the download fail at 7 .
what happen i can't open my wechat . reach on the moon , then exit .
i love this app but it have make me so frustrate not everyone have a mobile phone with sms to send a verification code to . i have waste hour try to get cod so my family on data phone can input an sms code . they need to offer other way to verify like a simple email address when they make this more family friendly i'll give them a 5 star review .
why i unable to find people near by at other place .
this be a good app . but sometimes i can't open my wechat . it have some problem . hope that can repair it .
like it .
i love use to wechat . but i also hate alot this app . here no option to delete your account . please request you fix this . thank after i give this apps 10star .
good nice .
ned you to put whose online or offline and can see if read or not the message .
slow application .
sometimes wechat not work .
even below 500kb size . downgrade my rat . it just become like any other chat app .
thank for this app this be so great .
its so cool .
love to wechat .
when i send greet it show send successfully but other person doesn't get .
can you make wechat like whatsapp can see who online or offline . i think wechat can make this right .
its make me fall in love 3 i meet some one and i can chat with my lovely famly . i like it so much .
i uninstalled . download . uninstalled for many time . i even go to the url site to fix the problem but it wont go on . everytime i open it stick on the moon thing .
keep on let me see the moon picture .
this app good and nice i dont have any problem . thank wechat .
i cannot open my wechat account . i install it for many time but it still the same . i cannot enjoy play it but maybe you want me to enjoy the moon .
its ok .
i like .
whenever i make a call or someone's call me . it automatically turn off my phone . few day after i install it to my new phone its workin properly . then it happen . shut down my phone whenever i call or a videocall . pls fix this . i love wechat . but this time . maybe i wont .
update and could not open util clear cache . invalid cache should not have crash ur app .
multiple usage . either msg , voice call or video call . totally amaze .
i like it .
before last update its ok but now i can't even open my wechat .
love it .
be very nice social network .
awesome app , need improvement but well deserve 5stars .
wechat be a great app it isn't just a great app its an awesome app .
because a girl be love .
i couldnt login my account . let me sing in please . can you help me .
love it .
help me it just show the picture of the moon .
we chat .
just get some problem in apps . my account have be block by someone else . and now , i cant use it please give me a way . f .
yes i love this app .
i cant open my wechat . whts wrong with my wechat pls fix it . asap . i will give you 5 star .
love it .
more fun . perfect apps to everyone .
like it .
i have uninstalled and reinstall like a gazillion time and it keep stucking at the load screen with the moon thingy , wth guy come on .
since may 27 , 2015 that i complain people nearby be not function . fix this then will give back 5 star .
gud app .
why do i need to sign up everyday it always say log in expire . haiist .
i like this application .
i have uninstalled it long back . now im try to download it but its show some error . fix it .
you can't do anything with ur watch which it say it do , the 3 will b drop if not fix fast cuz that's false advertisement .
why cannot log in my password email right . but cannot log in .
it will be 5stars if wechat can see people only or even read the comment .
three star only . because when i want to open it , there no funtion .
any wechart support team can help me i can not login my id how can i retreat it back i forget use wish handphone number to register just remember id , what can i do for it .
this the forth time . i don't understand why it always like that . i cant receive and send any message at all . please fix . i keep on reinstall and install the app and make me frustrate .
if have camera with flitter like instagram it must be more much better please do it if u can . tq .
i couldnt login my account . let me sing in please .
its nice but in this app we cant see who be online or not and our message r deliver or not so i need this improvement in this app .
it force close every time i try to launch the application .
why my wechat still can't open it always show the moon and the human . pls help me . i need my wechat back .
it stick at the man on the moon . fix it . help .
i download an app but it just won't open wechat .
very nice .
i cant use people nearby . why .
another way to hookup with your crony .
help me to check my wechat please .
how can i see who be online offline .
i hope it would have see to know if she he read my message . just like facebook .
fab , fab , fab u lous . chat , face time , message send photo to family friend any time , anywhere . how do we manage before wechat .
i really like this app .
no update moment and photo always hide .
after i re download my wechat , i cannot open my wechat , its only show the moon . its make me not in mood and totally dissapointed .
most important be wechat have cute sticker .
best social apps ever .
hi . i cant open my wechat even i've download wechat 3times . it stick at the moon and the man pic . please help to solve this prob . i need my wechat back . thank u .
hope can put a see when the message be send to the person that have see the message .
if can see who be online offline like facebook .
i have install wechat on my galaxy but i just can see the moon when i open it .
many sweet memory connect with this app .
its very nice app to have .
need to pay money for some sticker fuck .
i hope wechat can recover our chat history when we reinstall .
my wechat just show the moon picture .
love it .
after downlod new version my wechat account cn nt be open please help .
its pretty slow .
i don't like it's new version . in old version when i shake i get so many people show on my wall . but now i get only one chinese person . i want list of indian person who be shake not one person . i want that old version that be amaze . i give you 5 star if i get list of people on shake just like previous version .
hey i like this app especially in android phone , thank to the team that keep on improve this . one question tho , on symbian belle platform , i try log in with my wechat account there thru the we chat app that's run on symbian belle , but it give me this error your id be log in elsewhere even tho i log out my account from any other source , i also create a new account and it give me the same error . do that mean that wechat have limit support now on older platform help please . ty .
i like it .
i'm get friend request after so long 2months . after two month then only i have message about friend request .
i'm suggest wechat to put year in the date of the status . its only have month and date . as its get confuse at what year do the status write . and if only wechat enable us to upload share music at moment , how seriously great it would be . please consider this suggestion , then i'll give you 5 star .
love this application .
no verification code be send to my phone . i try 4 or 5 different time , but i'm receive nothing . and it also will not let me log in with facebook .
cant open it even update .
when i open my wechat just to show the moon or not respond . and other why not see who's online or offline . thank keep up the good work .
but as much as i be rat your app , it cant take me beyond activation . consider check your sms plan .
when i shake my mobile it show me only one suggestion . when i donwload first time it show me 15 or 20 sugeation in one shake .
i wish someday , i can post my moment with video like the others .
good job . keep hard work .
i like .
please add on online offline feature like whatsapp or far better like beetalk . so that people will see which contact be online . that much ease to chat with each other please .
i want to sign up , but it didn't send the code on my phone . so i cannot sign up .
after update my wechat , i cant see the wechat app 0n my phone .
videocall be not work . i be here in dubai . it only say connect while attempt to make videocall .
i download it and it just show a picture of moon .
i like it .
good app but can you add a group video chat .
wechat can't open just screen show a moon .
i try to open the wechat apps but it won't open . i dont know why .
when download new verson wechat i only see a moon . how can i fix it .
nice application easy communicate with far people's .
i can't send any message can't see moment .
new version show only start pic when this app open it can not work for my mobille samsung galaxy ace .
no online or off line status of any user it's dead chat .
i love wechat but i cannot install . when i install itz only cme moon . plz fix it .
good app but bore now .
how cant i download wechat . it say that i have problem with 957 . something like that . please help me . now i can't open my own wechat . please help me . please .
i like the app , but it just doesn't work on my phone . it just show the image of the moon , can someone please fix the problem .
i cant download it , when i download it , it say error , fix the problem fastly because i really love wechat
very useful and woking pretty good .
it only show the moon and can't proceed to the apps .
not bad .
very good .
most battery hungry im out there .
nice apps .
show if the person view the message and when they view it . like facebook message .
no notification unless the app be run in the background . i miss message many time because of this . uninstall and reinstall didn't fix the problem even though i have turn on notification .
how to get back my group on wechat after clear wechat cache on my phone .
keep me update on the internet .
what a problem lately .
this softwere may have restart virus , please fix it .
just why my custom sticker cannot send to the other chat please if you can fix it . it will be great . i hope . yeah .
i cant open wechat i uninstall then install it again say package file be invalid . pls fix this i love wechat .
work , have fun all the best .
wechat would get awsome if online offline option get add and if last see time be also visible .
can't receive the verification code . try the option of phone call but couldn't hear anything despite have 4g internet connection . phone call come through once , other time fail .
you need to improve who online or to see the message you send . see or no like facebook or whats app .
nice to have new friend .
great application .
after the update i only see picture of the moon . fix it .
not able to see who be online . so plz add this feature .
love it .
i never change my password . when i want to log in . they say uncorrect password . why .
nice app .
i love this application .
i like .
after i update my wechat , i can't open anymore . just can see the moon hm why like this .
the best .
love it .
the app be good but recently i have to go into the app and open up the chat itself before i receive any notification with time lag . i hope this can be improve so i do not need to open up my chat one by one to check for new message . thank .
new application to use . very easy to navigate , easy to use . i give 4 star because i can't find where to look for people , maybe i just don't know yet .
nice chat .
it's perfect there's not a thing wrong with the app .
it wont open . its always on the screen withe the globe . already erase the folder in my file and uninstall and reinstall it . but nothing be happen . what the heck . i love this app but now im very irrated . i cannot use it .
really good .
search system be not work as well .
wechat always not respond and always stop .
actually why my all audio will automatically delete would you give me an answer .
it have some bug sometime .
good app .
when i open this app , automatically back to home . i can't do anything . please fix it . please .
can i know . why my wechat update to new version v6 . 2 . 2 cant use .
it won't let me in it be say network problem f it .
i cant download it , when i download it , it say error , fix the problem because i love wechat .
i'm not stick at load of the log in , i cannot even enter the app , 1 . i open wechat , 2 . earth page show up , 3 . after not until one second , auto close in the earth page . this be my problem .
i like this .
other video call provide application have a low data usage while make a video or audio call but it make disappoint .
communication tool .
good app .
doesn't matter if it's good or bad . none of my friend be use this . but i might change my mind of you could actually pinpoint other people's exact location , accurately .
i jus instal it be like only the picture of earth not open infact tha app ridiculous .
its amaze because my best friend be move to germany and im move to france and this be the best way to be in contact with her .
after all chaina product .
call conection .
i love it .
nice app for chat .
i like it so much because it's a social network app . it connect me with my love one and love one .
i love we chat it be very funny we will meet new people in life its different . i like this .
wechat have problem with microphone on lg stylo .
it be good to speak to someone far away from .
why cannot download so sad .
why i be not able now to see more result after use shake phone feature . it show only one person after shake my phone . why .
why my wechat can't open it always show the moon and the human . pls solve it faster . i need my wechat back .
good way to communicate .
we love it .
wechat can't open , i take a long time to wait for wechat open .
nice app .
if it can show online and offline it will be more better .
good app .
this application work on gprs or 2g data for pakistan but after new update new version voice call be not clear but almost ok now i can call to we chat friend need to improve call on low internet data gprs or 2g thank we chat team for support .
the more the better .
but please lower the ram usage .
love this application , voice call and video call be more clear than others application . thx wechat , it's make family and friend in others city and country be closer .
still not work .
when i use shake feature it's show very far people please fix it otherwise nice app .
i download an app but it just won't let me go on just show the picture of a moon and that's it .
i hate it , from this app another apps be better .
this as h le app do not allow you to export your chat history .
i cannot open my we chat after update .
sorry wechat . i dont really wanna say this , but wechat be bore to use . i cant delete my account . so i'll just uninstall this . i be not use wechat because i dont use it always . if wechat could add more fun funny emoji like line app . then i'll install it back .
how cant i download wechat . it say that i have problem with 957 . something like that . please help me .
why you can't add the feature of multiple broadcast list and can edit in broadcast list , at the moment i can't make broadcast list and i can't add any new friend into it , can't remove any person from list , every time i need to make new broadcast list for new friend , not really happy this time , please fix this issue ,
what happen i cant open my wechat after the update . please do something to fix this .
love it .
can't get into wechat , it just stop a the man look at the moon . please fix . samsung galaxy .
since i update to the latest update , the apps appear in my phone application set name become p fingerprint dev . and because of these . my smartband can't sense the notification . please help me fix it .
i think problem with shake it's open and be not the same country when you get shake .
add more emoticon , so i will keep my 5star .
best application so far .
idiot we chat .
please upgrade wechat like who in online , offline , last see plz accept my request .
it's so interest bcos i also do not understand y i mention interest .
i could only find one contact of my malaysian friend but even try have their phone number still do not work . listen carefully i think that location problem of me in singapore unable to locate my friend in malaysia app unistalled .
like it .
just new here but i think it could be better in other apps . thank you for do the good site we can use it free .
i cant install the app . how can it be fix when it be 99 instal . then it become error . it say code error 24 .
best we can use .
lately the new version 6 . 2 . 2 be update to my phone andriod version 2 . 3 . 6 and be unable to open wechat . very annoy . want to reinstall older version 6 . 0 . 2 but cannot locate this version in google play . can anybody help why no reply from wechat . i want to reinstal back the older version to continue with wechat . please tell me how .
kindly add a feature of online friend and also see message .
when i open , the moon always apear and that's it . i don't understand .
very good app .
very useful for long distance communication without the cost .
love it .
not have save chat history to email option be a drawback .
love it .
i've reinstall it about 2 time but i cant open it . what happen .
i can't send any message can't see moment , please fix this for me early , many my friend need me .
i cant open it also , please can you guy save the message the same way like facebook .
again after the most recent update , it be fine for a few day . then crash again . please help .
love it .
so far not bad very good app .
hope that you guy can improve much more .
i like it .
hi would like to have the power to unfriend someone . i be have problem with some one .
after update i cant open my wechat anymore .
love this app .
sometime good for me .
them very sad .
usefull for voice chat text chat . work gr8 even 2g .
i cant open it also , please can you guy save the message the same way like facebook .
keep your nice work . and keep my five star .
yes i love it .
my cam be , dark help me with this pls .
this app be so amaze i love to use it i give 5 star thank you .
i love it .
i've be try to make an account , but it keep say too many operation . please try again . it's be like this the entire day . i'm use nexus 5 lollipop .
i love it .
better than whats app .
why my wechat app unable to load the picture since i update my redmi system .
why i can't to open my wc .
always need to update the app . regret to use this app . damn it . my old id still ban . stupid tencent . drain my ram n memory with this app . pls die who develop this app .
this be ridiculous there be still no fix after so many day that the problem be report and i don't get any feedback either after i dislike this programme .
love it .
i use a lot shake feature . but after some time i feel pain in my hand because of shake , please introduce new shake option with touch button press . i think it's very easy for your all user . thank .
yaar i be love it 2 much have fun with it .
just add option like you can see who be online and offline .
donot download it i install this app from earn talktime i do not get any credit what's app be too better than wechat so donot install this app .
like this app .
why still unsolved even i already visit url bwwop4 im already follow the how to solve it . but why still stick on earth . i still cant login pls fix its .
cannot log in . just stick at the wechat wallpaper all the time . already uninstall n install back . why help me .
as an international product , ui design should not meet the prevail standard andrew as be the internationally renowned im , why whatsapp and line can do it .
why my wechat not respond .
you dont have an option to deactivate your account . tsk .
although , it's a good app , but , l will rate whatsapp better . but , wechat be always improve .
i'm not able to open the app at all .
have it just lose the near by function .
need to evacuate fake porn user .
why my internet connection always slow when i open we chat .
make the picture more clear . make us see the likers and others comment .
why do we need to login back after close app fix please .
if u guy can upgrade like watsapp it will be great . can see who online who offline and be the message be read or not . tq wechat .
it's good to hook up with ppl but there be some bug .
cannot update 8 . 4 .
if can see who now online offline time like whatapp receive or read then be more better .
i like it .
great application . good for business .
new update make my wechat always leg and unresponse . please do something .
it can make us close with our old frends .
nice app .
always have problem after be update . please fix it .
doesn't work .
can't login . frequently log out itself . send friend request automatically . too much data consumption . no last see status . last login online day if not time should be visible .
can't login .
love it .
nice app .
everytime when im try to download it i get a problem say my phone have no enough space then i wonder why this apps often take a lot of space mb .
cant login into my wechat after update , it always stay at the load screen , please fix this asap , and dont give my wechat be always stick in load status when i try to log in . i've try so many time and it didn't work .
the new version of wechat be not open .
it's not the great user to anytime .
get official update my phone , and wechat update , . and now can't load image , dunno it's because my phone update or wechat update .
cant download error 492 . why .
love the feature .
very poor n its not even open now .
much clearer picture quality then all the other video call apps .
the best app .
more kitkat emojis should be able to use on chat n moment .
work for me . i like how photo document can be easily attach .
keep me connect .
why do you have to put a limit at log in . its a troublesome if you make it like that .
a very good app for communicate and make friend .
god application .
i like this app the only problem be the emoji and that they only appear as ios and the low number v they have .
this 6 . 2 . 2 version so suck . i can't open it . this stupid . version ever .
v nice app .
best apps .
everyone be call bullshit .
great program . thank a lot . it's the best application can use .
not bad .
i have try many time to save my friend's profile picture . but it doesnt work . or my note 3 get a problem please . fix it .
i like it .
great apps .
introduce another one .
after i have upgrade to 4 . 2 . 2 it have start give error . do not go to log in page . what to so . pl hel .
one thing that you miss . add more emotion . keep you good work and i'll keep my 5 star .
would be better if the sight can pause .
good product when it work . instal it on 2 device and it crash on both of them . annoy no help from wechat .
good app .
ive lose my phone once and im afraid someone might use it for no good . could you please add a delete account option not just for me but for who like to change their phone number too .
be there any way to stop call notification .
nice app .
can look for new ppl .
i have a suggestion about this app . can u guy put the activate or deactivate button it because for some people that somethgs no need to use this app , they can deactive as like facebook . if they want active back , just do as like facebook , just log in . thank . if u do , i'll will recommend the app for my friend and rate 5 star .
everytime i log in . it say my account be protect and i need to reactivate it . so i do what they say . then they say that my number be incorrect . uninstalled .
its good but its take allot of space in phone memory . i hope it dont be more heavy .
i think we all need to be part cuz it's interest .
amaze experience with play store , we can install so many apps in just one click .
its good one .
more speed please .
please follow material design .
when i download then open wait around 30min . now still wait . wait for what cant play wechat or what this 1st time social app wait 10 hour to open and play . totally corrupt app . please sell your wechat to professional company . not poor like your company .
please give us unlimited bottle to collect . you don't need to strict about that . it will fun to get much bottle from others but too bad because there be limit . i will sure give you 5 star if you do that or at least response my review to tell why you can't do that . thank you .
when i want to share my photo , it will auto close and back to moment and its happen again and again . fix it .
i love this app very much .
love it .
my love be start in tiz wechat ony .
it slow down my phone .
must fix it to better way .
nice app .
love it .
really great app .
restriction on shake be not good .
this app so bad .
its perfect work in my lg g2 i love it .
stucked at wallpaper , couldnt open it even after update it .
how come my account be give notice that i be market and block my account when i do not unreasonable .
i can't open this app .
please make the delete account for this application .
great for international travel .
people nearby be unavailable . i'm on 4g and gps be turn on and still can't locate my location . please fix this .
equally . this update be really nice . but my phone start to jam when i instal it . huh . feed up .
love it .
i like it .
i love it .
download the app on saturday , be tell within an hour that i be use the unofficial app . i recover my account and use the app a couple time over the weekend . i log in today and get the same unofficial app error . i also get the error say this phone number be not available when i try reset the account . i then uninstalled and reinstall to no avail . never have this much trouble in any chat app .
why can't display myself to people nearly why moment not display .
it suck .
it's new to me and i like it .
i have download we chat but its not work . why .
very useful .
i love .
i like .
awesome the latest update squash whatever bug be prevent wechat from work on android m .
always there when need to communicate and socially so useful and cheap .
the app won't even open on the htc one m9 .
anything back to normal .
you may see your love once .
i don't like wechat . it suck .
no comment . just wait for the new update .
it always crash . and its annoy .
i can't open this application after the auto update . now i can't chat with my friend . try to uninstall and install back but it didn't work at all . what can i do .
its be a awesome app .
most f be fake here .
love it .
lovely sweetly funny wechat .
very nice app .
i wish can give no star , after the new update , i cant even open the application . uninstall , suck , really suck .
cool app amaze love it .
first , you do not give any reply on my first problem . second , it's stucked on just load . i wait for about 20 minute but it do not change to the lon in page . fix this .
so good . all the best .
phone hang by download this app and phone performance very slow .
jab maine verification kiya code aa gya par verification nhi ho rha this app west my mb .
not enough space save for private emotion .
i think the app will be a lot better if there would be some sort of notification like see , r read deliver s send , user be type , etc . so that we'd know if our message have be send read or if the person we're talk to be already reply . its a very good app , it just need lil tweak though .
still not work .
when i open wechat the notification will be show . when i'm suspend my phone the notification not show . please fix this bug . i'm use asus zenfone 2 . tq .
its fun way for communication .
sorry but this be not good because it take a lot of time to download and install .
i love it .
i didn't even add people who i do not even know .
i love this application . i can contak to all my friend .
i try open wechat and suddently it make my phone soo lack .
i love .
why can't open try many time already .
so not cool for kid .
very good condition my daughter .
after update can't open the app at all for note 3 .
why always unable to load my location data . even connection be in a good condition . p .
unstable , unreliable . always stucks at front page . need to reinstall again again again again .
after the latest update , i can't change the cover n profile photo anymore . try reinstall it but still the same . pls fix it .
good app .
didnt like wechat . how come there's no way to delete an account try to contact the wechat but no answer and no follow up . very bad .
please give us a bug fix because after i update the apps and open it stick at the earth for 1 hour .
like it .
fuck you .
i like it .
i instal it 5x . but still i can't open it . please fix it . or upgrade it . so that i can give 5star . thank .
after this app be update . i cannot open it . i have uninstall it and install it again . its remain same .
why help me out my girl be wait for me .
for voice , chat , video call .
wechat's not like other . the other especially kik messenger be very dangerous and not safe as wechat do . thank you so much to the people who invent this app because it's make my life more easier than before cause we doesn't need cost . thank so much excellent app ever . i love you wechat .
why i cant change my id . i m new so i dont know anything .
its really great soft .
its nice but sometimes be very slow .
i use nexus 5 , whenever i try to search for people nearby it get stick try to load location for few minute and nothing happen after that . very bad app . of no use . no one should use it , waste of time .
idk how many time should i uninstall then install it all over again for every 2 3 day . tbh , this app be get worse . it always stick . and right now , i can't even open it . what should i do uninstall it then install it again i'm so do with this .
i reinstall we chat after 2 week . but now its not go further after that man look at globe . what i gotta do now i delete n instal it three time but of no use . what to do now .
very useful device .
why doesn't the app use the phone proximity sensor to turn off the screen when you put the phone to you face . this result in lot of screen tap which put the app into speaker mode automatically . this be very frustrate . please fix this .
easy to use and clear video call .
i use this app on daily base it work but i'm face problem since last week . whenever i open it . it will close automatically . i don't now what be the reason behind this . if wechat want it reputation back . fix it as soon as possible .
last see not see . pls solve this prob .
i cant open it after i update , please help me .
it's ok .
love it .
animate image to chat with .
wish video quality be better .
please somebody help me . why can't open new version really miss wechat .
walkie talkie always problem in group . plz gv option for it . to close the season by group leader , member or remove it in group chat . thank u very much . asap thank . i'm . wait for new update .
this application work on gprs or 2g data for pakistan but after new update new version voice call be not clear but almost ok now i can call to we chat friend need to improve call on low internet data gprs or 2g thank we chat team for support .
cannot talk with voice n cannot see picture lah .
it be the . best . game ever . love in it .
i want to use this app .
this be the oseme friend .
your apps so poor .
love it .
it be good and easy to use .
and untill now it's unworking anyone come and tell me what to do .
very nice app .
nexus 6 n .
it be terrible . i recently update my wechat around 2 day ago and after the update , i can't enter my wechat . as i enter my wechat , it exit out by itself .
very nice app .
hello dude . why i can't log in or sign up this application . its almost several time i instal n uninstalled this application to settle this problem , but its just mad my day . please help me .
its a nice social tool that connect you with people around .
really good for people .
doesn't receive message until i open the app sometimes . please fix sticker . some sticker just disappear and i have to reinstall them to get them back . fix everything .
i love to open this friend .
since last couple update have change of dp issue . won't load album correctly . choose an album and get random pic from other album . it only hold the option to choose your dp for a couple minute then the app have issue and close down .
i do know why this apps not instal in my phone .
i uninstalled this apps bcoz it won't open when i open it , just a blink then back to the home page , its so annoy , now i can't log in again bcoz i forget my pass word , crazy apps , plz fix it and help me how to access my account again .
love it .
after update to 6 . 2v my profile pic be not change and always show server error even i be use 3g , soo many time i try for profile pic change it be waste of time for me plz fix these bug . alwys show service error cha waste app use i be .
thank for wee chat .
this waoo for business also .
totally overated .
why it always happen to me although i have good internet connection .
can you put a see like in fb it will really help a lot i communicate with my fam a lot in this app . i would really appreciate it if you would add that also it crash a lot on my samsung note 3 neo . lastly , whenever i video call someone and then the one i be call end the call , sometimes it would say connection error so i didn't know if it really do end or net probs . kindly fix it i would say it's not so bad for me just a few change would be nice . thank you .
love it .
chat with friend .
i like this .
i cannot open it after download the app .
not work in my phone help me to solve this problem . after open does't work any thing after world pic help me to solve this issue .
really nice .
most of the sticker those i have collect be lose since it's require to update the latest edition . though i update already still not get the sticker back and all the image and sight in the chat content be lose it's prompt unable to retrieve or not available .
i hope there will be free chat room .
bad update .
app be very good . some suggestion , user dont know the msg have be read or not , and if we could use a passcode in the app , to avoid login logout everytime to keep the chat away from scary eye .
its a really good for people .
so many bug . every time i want reload moment . bug . i want to chat . bug . so please2 fix this bug .
after update we chat just now it stick on the earth . it take too long to respond . please help me .
after i uninstall this app for some reason and install this app again , when i try to log in my account it always load . i cannot open this app . although clear some data could solve this problem , i'm still cannot log in . whats wrong with this app please fix this problem .
nice app but it hack easily so that be negative impact on user otherwise all gud .
please help user low storage .
like it .
i like this app .
when i make a call and i use my headset i can hear the ring bite when the person answer the call i cant hear that person voice . whats the problem even when use bluetooth headset . i hope you can help me .
after update wechat its stop work at all . i hv uninstalled n reinstall it but no use plzz fix my problem .
love this .
i cant sign up or even log in . it dont work in my android . i be use bluestacks only . i uninstalled it and instal it many time and it dont work . it cant view the sign up or log in . please fix it immediately .
upgrade but not work . install n uninstall make it worse .
well do .
amaze this application better to find friend .
i cannot open it . suck .
a really big problem .
good app great work .
all time crash .
good but need more thing to be upgrade .
the lastest update suck , can't open my wechat at all after update it . fix it a . s . a . p pls wechat be my all time fav once .
not able to find local unknown friend . which i love most .
i love it .
update not work .
there be problem with my shake function . can't connect with anyone . i have good wifi line connection . already reinstall but the problem still there .
i love it .
wechat be just have a name that this app be have video call but can't use it at all when i call in both screen i be see my face i cannot see the other person . this be go on for the last two week but these wechat people do nothing for that go to uninstall this bug app .
everytime there's a new version it update automatically without our consent . lately the new version 6 . 2 . 2 be update to my phone andriod version 2 . 3 . 6 and be unable to open wechat . very annoy . want to reinstall older version 6 . 0 . 2 but cannot locate this version in google play . can anybody help .
fix the bug and set it .
can i on the wechat all the time because some time i cannot on my wechat when i need .
after new update . my android kitkat 4 . 4 . 4 unable to display people nearby . unable to locate my location . but still can receive greet from people nearby . fix this problem .
please fix . i cant open thiss app when i update to v . 6 . 22 fxck .
its so easy to use . i can chat with friend and post moment everyday i luv this app .
good product when it work . instal it on 2 device and it crash on both of them . annoy .
this be not so good , coz it can not send to instagram .
why be wechat not applicable to my phone galaxy duo .
i cant find people around me . keep on tell me to open my gps while its already activate .
very good .
the best social medium ever .
great app .
really awsm .
two thumb up .
i cant find local people by shake . im always find irak person . really hate this after update .
i want to delete my account and there be no option to do that .
that i've be chat online with babe , all day .
still stick at the earth . i've visit page that you give . but still stick at the earth .
don't really get what to do .
install n uninstall several time . not work at all . dark screen . i regrat click the update button . hate it .
love it .
i love everything about it even since my friend jabari campbell suggest it to me .
it doesn't work . no support for new friend discovery , be full of malware .
we chat stop work after the latest update . it be so frustrate be there a way to downgrade it to the previous version or be there already a fix on its way .
love the app until recently update break it . i use the desktop feature often , as it allow my to communicate faster easier via my pc by scan a code . but now i can't . whenever i press the button to get to that feature on my phone , the app just crash . no warn , no error code . fix it . i be use samsung galaxy s 5 with 5 . 1 . 1 os , use wechat 6 . 2 . 2 .
the app cant be open . get stick at the earth and a person thingy . please fix .
why when i download this its cannot be open .
don't give silly reward that we won't get just give recharge offer direct to mobile number i think its very good .
y i can't open my app . everytym i open it i only can see a man star at the earth n that's it . i can't open my chat or my moment . it really piss me off .
the new update be make my app crash . and i can't open the app at all .
very good .
people nearby cant load the location , fuck . xiaomi redmi1s .
be awsome .
worst app .
nice app .
lovely app .
send picture sometimes fail .
its a great app to be in touch with friend and love one . plus the call facility be awesome . but while start it hang a bite so hope they will fix this bug soon .
i like n i wanna be a goalship wc .
more sticker or opinion to buy cooler sticker pack .
people nearby .
please put this on my cell phone please .
i cant login it just keep show the planet nothing more .
i sufficient this app .
everything be ok .
many friend n scandal . hahaha .
online and offline should be add .
i never change my id yet , i've try hundred time to change it but still can't change it . any suggesti0n what else i can do or any answer why i cant change wechat id .
very good .
can i on the wechat all the time .
so good .
it be never able to find my location data awful .
redesign the ui for better look . change the old theme to new theme . so , please make the ui to new .
ive donwload it for 32 time and everytime it have be download , it cant be install . whats wrong wechat can u solve it so i can give u 5 star .
cant login into my wechat after update , it always stay at the load screen .
love it .
dosn't have people nearby . and for video call be unuseable .
latest update cannot video call and video call . wtf .
best app .
use lenovo a516 500 ram , android version 4 . 2 . 2 jelly bean . everytime i want to post a picture , lag come strike after the new update before , it run smoothly but now . i'd prefer whatsapp than wechat . last rate be 5 star now i give u 1 star . if the rat star get negetive , i'll give 5 . thank for read .
love it .
i get one star cause i can't even register to use it your verification ain't work .
there be a problem with return back to the page . view reset back to the top . kindly fix tnx .
just flow up n .
really annoy after latest update couldn't log in . even try to uninstall and reinstall also didn't make any difference . waste time .
i love it .
still stick at the earth . huh , please i still cant open my wechat .
fake app . it say this number be invalid .
ever since a few update month ago , i be not get any new sticker . be that deliberate i be happy to give high rat if the sticker issue be fix .
wechat be a great app , but after i reinstall it , i can't open it . please fix this then i'll rate it 5 star .
after i update it . i can't open in anymore .
because it can make a video call .
please fix it always can't install into the sd card or memory card .
i didn't know how to post a music in moment . there a lot thing that i didn't know about wechat's function . please make more undertanding tutorial in the next update . so all the user can easly to use it .
i very love this . its a best way to chat .
still can't open my wechat account .
love it .
i cannot open my wechat . pls fix it .
cannot open the app after upgrade .
its ok .
f wechat . i cant delete my profile . cant change my profile pic . i hate it . i wish i do not create an account here f .
imo be nice . and it be awesome . both r awesome but god vedio chaating at imo .
just start don't know yet .
why wechat have problem .
love it buy i cant upload this app .
i really love it . this app be the best . i can know and send sms to everyone in the world for free .
why my wechat always sign out automaticly please fix its . cannot open at android 4 . 0 . 4 . why please fix it . that make me sad .
the best .
i'm really thankful to tencent company .
owh . today i stras tomorrow what aphen .
wtfuck its not work by bluetooth headset .
your mother be green .
i like .
new feature make it more newer , add in an archive chat option . thank you .
very good .
there will not show out my profile pic when type a long sentence .
love it .
why today my wechat cant add people pls fix it .
lack of privacy info .
one of the best to talk and interact .
nice soft for virtual world .
cannot open the app after require to upgread .
very good .
hmm someone hack my we chat . ohh god .
still stick at the earth .
i give 4stars that be bfore , now the thing be after update , yes earth picture show but no longer continue stick up on there as of this moment , can you pls help me to resolve this prob that i encounter . samsung gt s5300 . thank .
i like .
can't open in android 2 . 3 only a pic of a boy stand to see the earth be display .
wtf it be fine before i update it the newest version make it stop work pls fix this bug so i can rate 5 star for it .
good app .
i have space but say insufficient space .
it be the best app ever .
i love we chat .
fuck that shit . this app be awesome .
very good .
can't open it .
nice we chat .
love it .
very good .
i it .
the size of this app be too big .
more function for free , safe application .
easiest way to chat with poeple around the world .
i like only we chat in new friend in all over world new wechat be propar start in my cell phone please help .
i use this app everyday to keep in touch with my chinese friend , and my girlfriend keep it up .
last update . network always error even the wifi be connect .
information in the web be not that useful . some instruction be very vague , hard to understand follow .
i dont know how to backup chat with the new step . change it like before please .
error cant log in no network but im use wifi .
get amaze offer and easy connect .
i'm sure you will be happy .
change need . we chat still in old generation . no online and see notification .
i still can't open my wechat after follow the method that give . still stick on the earth page . what should i do .
and so fuck .
currently set up to 500kb . at least bring it up to 1mb if no size limit be not do able . if you can do that , 5 star . telegram can do it .
please include the feature that we can know who of our friend be online in real time .
need to save a video in wechat .
why i can't load my image please fix it . i've update already .
over all call quality be good but app quit itselfs anytime , please fix this problem .
please update last see feature .
the app consume 50 mb of ram . so the battery drain fast . pls fix it asap .
we chat it's nun wrong with its ok .
i have we chat .
when i search nearby , it can't load my location , tell me to turn on gps network location . but they be already turn on . be there any way to search people without it .
easy to use and comfortable .
why its so hard to delete wechat acc .
my account totally block and ant use my self number unblock . this be unofficially acount what the mean write until today cannot fix the problem my id have be band when i open people nearby very bad 1time face it .
always fail to receive message . clear cache or reinstall it also same . lg nexus 4 android 5 . 1 . 1 .
but only 100m download common chinese mistake .
add some last see notification its better .
good apps .
i cannot log it anymore . how i want to communicate . please help .
can't use the apps after update .
wechat team . make hashtag available . because many dumb people use hashtag in wechat . i like this app but use a lot of memory storage .
please fix the bug , or roll back to the older version wechat cant open .
really good .
before update still can use it but after update then keep appear unfortunateyl wechat be not work this fkin message eh mcb fix it la .
use ram too much . make my phone slow , very slow . from start have this app until now still same problem . please fix . thankyou .
no need w8 24 hour to do verify plss .
plz fix it .
it won't let me create my account it keep say that it's the server problem .
easy way to comunication .
after update profile picture be hide so now there no option to set profile pic pls help me wechat group pls fix it thank in advance .
more feature with each update .
i love it .
pleasr try to fix problem at samsung galaxy s5 android 4 . 4 . 2 . when the button be hit , wechat will quit itself everytime . that mean no contact could be add .
very good .
its really fun .
when i get to the first page .
greatest and reliable social network on the earth .
shack not work any more .
i cant find anyone shake there phone . it be work but stop now so someone know why .
why i can't see other people moment or send any moment at all please fix this as soon as possible .
cannot open the app in android 4 . 0 . 4 after require to upgrade to version v6 . 2 . 2 . uninstalled and instal again do not help . can help to debug v6 . 2 . 2 .
consume to much ram . even i'm use 2gb ram smartphone , it still consume and eat to much ram . it suck . pls fix it . i hear to much complaint from lower end smartphone user out there . this app get worse day after day . dev not listen user opinion and suggestion . better go to hell and not develop any app like this shit . uninstall .
start happen this night . cant chat , cant see moment , and cant login .
my account be hack .
nothing be work properly . and they don't even answer the question we ask to team we chat . waste of time nd data .
great app .
suddenly effect when the short vidoe cannot be play then , say vidoe cant play . i dont know why . before this its okay . fix it please .
its nice .
wechat not respond .
i love this app exo . lol .
i like that .
very good app .
just awesome .
not able to install wechat app , get application installation error 506 . not able to access the provide url . i have update the feedback on give url but still issue not resolve .
man i'll be use this app for the next four year of my life please decorate the ui and some other stuff . 5 star await you .
its good .
good work .
i like it .
need a lot thing to upgrade . like a last see notification , timeline view and etc . after that i'll give 5 star .
its hang most of the time ,
this app seriously need an option where you can edit your text or picture with text moment where if tou misspell or you forget to type some of the word before post it . please work on that .
hello devs , today after update its doesn't open . then i uninstalled the app install again 2 time . but same problem . please solve this problem .
i try download a document that send from my friend and it fail . keep stick 0kb s . shitty apps .
wechat should not delete all the chat history if the app in uninstalled update be need where if we uninstall and reinstall then the chat history should be store automatically it shouldnt be remove .
after the update i cant open my wechat its just stack on the open picture . do uninstall and install still i cant open my wechat .
it do not open .
very good .
could not login my account .
love it when i can see them when i chat .
i can't even upload my picture by the app and also i can't change my cover photo or chat background picture . please fix this .
0 star . the app crash whenever i launch .
poor call .
im use samsung galaxy tab 2 10 , 1 and y when im use d video call feature . the screen will turn upside down .
love it .
so lag when open this app .
add last see and online and hide chat option plz .
if can see who now online offline time like whatapp receive or read then be more better .
why i use shake but always end up with zero result .
be good for long distance relationship .
good apps for communication but not satisfactory result for send video than others apps in the respect of time .
i need all my moment back . pls i never delete that moment what the hell what all of you do can you recover back .
it be work since last update i can't use my voice message p .
everytime i save the profile picture , the picture doesn't save in the phone . why this new update be so annoy .
the best .
message always hell delay . no notification i must open the app first before i receive my message some important thing i miss always .
it stick at the earth and it take a long time tu open . why do it happen pls fix .
very cool coz i can communicate to my wife in other country .
which i can remove some unwanted post from my favourite because now it have not remove . so plz take it up .
a quite good app but just one thing . can you add a feature so that we can know that some have read our text .
take a lot of time to sign in .
it be not work vedio call properly .
totally cheat . reward balance only redeem as 50 for recharge and another 100 not for recharge jabong and foodpanda not available in small city of gujarat .
i love it i be chat my friend easly .
good app .
my whats up doesnt work . ive change it dosen of time but anything change . please help me . ill be scould by my wife if she find out i dont change it yet .
cannot proceed on login page . it be stick in earth . pls . fix .
after the latest update . i cant open wechat . pls help me . fix this .
m friend i only have facebook but i want try to download this application wechat .
it's ok .
all i get be just the earth screen , then it return to my home screen . pls fix .
after the update i cant open my wechat its just stack on the open picture .
some one hack we chat . can't use any feature of we chat . totally now it's shit .
please 1 . fix cover picture , my tab can't show it 100 2 . make new design 3 . make it faster , smoother and better 4 . create a widget i hope ur respond .
i like it .
could not login use facebook account . keep prompt message facebook connect be not available now . sign up with your mobile phone number . please fix t .
in lg l70 people nearby option be not come . can it be possible i have update already .
material design should be support .
great app .
i'm not be able to open the wechat after install it . may i know why .
i can't use it . please fix this asap .
please fix faster . i cannot open my wechat .
stupid we chat i can't even open shut down .
such a good app .
love it .
i can't make my account why can't get a verification code .
i backup my favourite conversation to your server , then i clear my wechat data and i update wechat to the latest one , now i can't restore my favourite conversation because of the migration feautures , really dissapointed .
it stick at earth page . please fix it . im use samsung young .
why i can not log in the new version of wechat .
love it .
everything be excellent . if we can send bigger video file . it would be wonderful . thank for the good work .
very good .
from the bowser . if it aren't a chinese bowser it can not share to wechat , moment or individual use google chrome bowser and basically nothing can be share to wechat why .
good communication .
the thing be after update , yes earth picture show but no longer continue stick up on there as of this moment , can you pls help me to resolve this prob that i encounter . tnks .
just download it for mobile recharge . p .
please give wechat the most new version's and design .
why i don't know since when my friend list like my moment and comment . i mean if i update moment , the notify message not yet .
htc one m8x , latest version on wechat . latest ver on htc camera . i have test the video timeline record there framerate only 15fps . and i find other phone like vivo samsung fps record be higher then it .
redesign your app , very old and not smooth , consume alot of ram , big size apk . low end device suffer alot .
not able to turn off incoming voice call .
this application work on gprs or 2g data for pakistan but voice call be not clear i don't have wifi don't have 3g i want to use this application on gprs can you update new version for support gprs also thank .
after update the app , it cant be open .
the best .
after update of wechat , i cant to log in . there's just the picture of earth . please do something . fix it .
i love it . it's simply the best .
my friend text or message me , my wechat will delay so long time only receive the message , sometime after few hour only receive my friend message . i reinstall my wechat so many time , the notification problem still there . wad happen or my lg g3 get problem my network no problem . my whatsapp no problem too . can explain . after update , problem not yet solve .
i like it .
this be the best aap .
oh wth . why do it take so long at the earth picture . i seriously annoy . please do something .
this app be not user friendly at all and totally lame .
i keep delete message when i try to translate . would be nice if they change the location so they're not next to each other . or maybe have an undelete option . other then that i like the app .
the update its installation be quite slow . improve it .
after it stucked , i uninstall it and now i cant install it back . then always appear unknown error 24 . what the hack it be , please fix it and i'll give u for sure .
always stick and show only the earth and back to home many timrs i install but just thesame .
i can't log in my wechat after update .
unable to get long list of people .
thank you .
awesome . because this app can share photo and have video , video call , moment and also game . i like it . i will give you 5 star .
whenever i send the picture the quality change fixe it damn .
i would give it five if there be no code which be stupidly dumb so . have no code you dumb people i hate when people do this so much dumb dumbs .
it be really good .
stick on earth pic . i cant use my we chat .
sometime its hard to choose photo because it rumble . can you fix with partion on gallery and can choose the picture more easy same like a facebook .
cannot proceed on login page . it be stick in earth . pls . fix .
it's work now thank you and this probably sound weird , i accidentally delete the message from you guy . i actually hit the deleat button , and i be irritate , but i guess thing happen sometimes . anyway again , it's work . thank you .
like it .
the best way . the good way . the better way tou be .
stick at earth page and after few second it auto close .
text , voice , call . good but high power consumption force me to terminate when no use .
i can use wechat for my project school with friend .
it get stick on earth page . really disguisting . many time i try to install it bt always show earth picture . plz help me to fix it .
only get earth with man stand and then be stick on my phone . please help me .
the thing be after update , yes earth picture show but no longer continue stick up on there as of this moment , can you pls help me to resolve this prob that i encounter . tnks .
why my wechat i don't know since when people like my moment and comment . i mean if i update moment , the notify message not yet . why .
latest update make it better than before . i can feel the improvement . good job .
love it .
nice app , but you can't delete your account . go from 2 to 4 star after several bug fix .
not sure about this app yet . people nearbye show korea . hello im in uk i call tthat nowhere near .
best app .
what wrong . i can't open it . stick on the earth .
the thing be after update yes earth picture show but no longer continue stick up on there as of this moment can you pls help me to resolve this prob that i encounter . tnks .
i don't know why , but this new update make me really angry . why everytime i save the profile picture , the picture doesn't show up in my phone .
love it oll baby la .
unable to make a phone call and a voice call . although i have a strong internet signal . what a waste of time . uninstalling .
love it .
add long sight video please . p .
very good app .
love it .
super app .
nice app .
i like it .
how to download we chat help plz .
only one thing you guy miss . send audio message . please avail it .
unable to find the bottle msg feature .
after update wechat just now the earth picture will take forever for me to load . it can't be able to enjoy wechat . pleasee help me .
love it .
i have a problem with this . why i didnt get news and cant also reply message . crap fix this . this crap make me sick of it . fix it .
the best social network i find . thank wechat apk .
please give solution to differentiate between normal chat and broadcast message , also now only wechat that still leave behind without material design , bbmessenger already up to date , and i think wechat be still promise as messenger .
every time it stop unfortunately and never give me a chance to reopen it .
wonderful app its voice call speed be too good please everyone try it .
very good .
no option to change we chat id as by mistake i add my number now every one disturb me by give call on my number please open option for we chat id change thx .
it be so slow . i can't open this version two time . it so bad app . i hate this version .
its a nyc app , to connect people of seven water .
sh t la u dude . u ask me to update wechat . then what happen la . cannot open at all . if la i cn rate u zero star . aiish .
after the last update , my wechat keep on force close . pls fix this .
please give wechat the most new version's and design .
be a nice apps to communicate with oversea good for business .
calvin tham from google play . wechat id . calvinowen . as for contact email me for detail . hopefully this wi l help you much on your professional skill and find out what happen .
i want to call my mom .
good . but sometimes it have bug .
like it .
love it .
love it .
i like it .
the best .
i'm like it .
admit it , you only get it for your friend in china .
i like this app , but i do not like with the free call coz the sound be not good quality . please fix it . thank bro .
it doesn't have group call and in window phone the call be not be send every time .
this application work on gprs or 2g data for pakistan but voice call be not clear i don't have wifi don't have 3g i want to use this application on gprs can you update new version for support gprs also thank .
really superb .
i cant open it just see the earth .
when i sight , it wont upload . sometime it work and nahh .
update after that cant open , cant open uninstall .
this day i think really we chat speed be go down .
i start use this app last 2013 , i be kinda amaze by the feature and get lot of online friend . unexpectedly , one of them now become my fiance . we're now plan for our wed want to thank the founder s and if possible we want to invite them for our special day . thank you wechat .
ni cite a little kid . yesterday i buy a use tiaw . nak kuey can cite soy tu kat pulak time i get home again . i go ape lagi . berlari pegi 7e buy deodorant . i want bayo middle tu . cashier tanye tu me 2 ringgit . i pound ape again inflame liver laa . suka her grandson mintak je i 2 ringgit . he remember me aeon ok to . after that i go back home . perhaps nye tv cite bini want to see mu ku folder . but what the tv remote power pulak tetuko with vcd piracy . i fry maggie chaotic . end .
error please fix .
my favorite message app . i wish the sticker be not limit to certain region though .
love this app , easy to use hate this app , unable to turn the app on and off after update the app and , no one be able to help me out .
like it . but please improve more something news .
my friend face profile be all go . please fix that . and any bug .
i like it .
i can't open my wechat .
i like wechat , right with .
use too much space . others ok .
no redemption of money .
worst update ever .
not good . coz i cant add my friend .
it keep tell me unfortunately ur wechat stop i uninstall and re install like kinda 10 time already and it still the same stupidoo will never like this app anymore .
after update my wechat automatically log out . then as i enter my password its say that i enter the wrong password . my problem now be that i have no account link with it . then i already change my sim card because it already expire . hope you can help me . if ever you'll be need my id . it be pengwen khulet . if ever you'll help me then thank a lot . if not , still thank you for create such an app .
because i can stalk my ex hahaha .
wechat tencent .
my suggestion for the improvement . 1 . add theme 2 . let us know who's on . 3 . change the interface 4 . reduce the ram usage 5 . make it smoother 6 . let us upload a hd photo . 7 . make it easier to search people by their hometown .
i love this app .
the design be not android friendly at all . why copy ios appearance battery drain on wear be horrible , after the upgrade the watch overheat from time to time . can you guy be more serious on the platform .
voice msg be good .
if i call to someone it's show you r not wechat friend u can't make a call and if someone want to call me there also same problem waste app it's not work .
nothing special .
there's no fun leave without the chatroom .
love the app but the new update doesn't show time and day when u txt and it would also be better if there be different theme to switch to .
suggest to have pop up notification and app lock . notification have problem .
we be love to each other in my life .
after update be very bad when open it still can open but after a few hour it not respond n wan me unistalled n install again . waste my data please fix it .
what if i have 2 account and i want to delete deactivate 1 . there be no such option . also very poor customer care service .
i can't open the apps when i finish download it .
excellent app .
whenever wanna add photo it will bounce back automatically . pls fix it asap .
not that effective .
i love it .
no good its a lot of crap sorry guy .
love it .
somestime , i hate when my phone be lagg hm . it's because , many to chat , hehehe . anyway , i love it .
it look nice but , i nerver know if the person i have chat with see my msg , uncomfortable feel .
why the photo be auto download after the update pleaee fix this . i don't want photo from the stranger just to fill the space .
good app .
very nice app .
i cant open my account after update .
when i want to open wcht then automatically it go back to my phone home page .
this social chat very good .
hope wechat can double confirm with you after press delete chat be annoy when you accidentally press delete chat and they didnt double confirm it with you .
when i update have a problem in translation and video call and camera please i cant see anything and no body can see me and i cant do a video call . please fix this problem .
love this app . no hitch .
great program . thank a lot . it's the best application can use .
idk how the app be but it look good .
v good .
after i reinstall the earth picture will take forever to me to load . not be able to enjoy wechat anymore . hope you fix it .
connect me .
this application work on gprs or 2g data for pakistan but voice call be not clear i don't have wifi don't have 3g i want to use this application on gprs can you update new version for support gprs also thank .
password problem . i open atleast 3 id for several time with several number . mailbox can't be add and no notification code message .
please fix this . thank you .
what the h y i keep miss msg , be this not a instantly msg app already restore twice , still get same problem .
can't see the pic a friend send to me people near by search problem .
i give you 5 star because i really love your app but , i just want to say that , can you change wechat theme instead of green can you give another colour like ocean blue , black , purple or orange i'm sure there's so many people will love your app then .
my apps wechat can open .
i cant open the wechat . it be lag and the application be not respond please fix up as soon as possible tq .
after update to 6 . 2v my profile pic be not change and always show server error even i be use 3g , soo many time i try for profile pic change it be waste of time for me plz fix these bug .
after update i can't load my moment and can't load the picture send from my friend .
every time i use it in sony experia z2 it always sound like choppy . please help me fix it , and i'll give you a 5 star .
not say much but really fun . voice call for the whole night . really great . thank .
translation option not work .
i really like thiss app , thank you so much .
i love wechat because im fall in love 2 july 2015 wechat translate not work i want talk with my russian friend but russian language not translate in wechat she also not translate my english message .
can't put display . can't send voice message . frustrate .
it's ok .
love the call function .
i be use from past 2 year . but i feel it's waste . we can earn point but waste . can't even use those point in paytm also . before it be good . also main drawback be automatically restart in background and need lot of memory n make my mobile to hang .
i've be ban from my own wechat . please fix it . i've no number phone to put to request a new code . please fix this problem . tq .
translate fail . try again from morning . error continue after update today morning .
good , some time notification not work perfectly . cannot send music or video like wassup app . slow chat .
its too go , it would be still better wen receive symbol z make .
the new update 6 . 2 . 2 , stop the automatic translation from work . break feature .
very nice way to connect your friend family so many interest featurs .
i love you .
it contain all video chat n moment n find friend .
when i want add my friend . i type their id then display say search error .
i love this app . it be free and simple to use .
can't open after download .
while post moment , photo be load extremely slow and force quit after few swipe on note4 lollipop this have never be fix it even get worse after lollipop update super annoy .
upon latest update i cannot open the application anymore . it always give a notice not respond . please fix this . i need the older version .
we want near by option back in we chat .
nice apps .
after update the app , the cant be open .
use it everyday , ten time better than all other similar apps .
after update just now , translate doesn't work for malay .
long press translate fail for both comment on status update and in chat , unable to translate . try again later . this have coincide with today's latest update .
this be good app for know people .
many bug introduce in this update .
theme option would be nice one huge annoyance be now when i switch apps and come back to video then it make the audio of the other person very quiet and have to restart the call . the other biggest annoyance be the hideous and super loud ringtone sound , can we change it please voice message be annoy because you have to listen to the whole message even if you just miss one word . time position feature would be good for voice message to prevent that problem .
like it .
can u upgrade like facebook can see people online or offline .
a good app , it can help me a lot .
not able login even after reinstall it . such a waste of time to download this app .
nice app .
why can't i log in after update the . app .
love it .
love the video chat .
it be a good apps .
when i reinstall this . wechat wont let me to login to my acc . it stay on the earth . pls fix this asap . before i uninstall it forever .
why i can't upload my photo .
love it .
this app be very cool this app be best for chat and video call and also this have many type of reward i have earn aprox . rs . 250 on this month must download .
heavy and heavy .
i like it .
i can't change my cover photo either upload any photo , it's freeze and we chat have stop .
all should use it .
this application work on gprs or 2g data for pakistan but voice call be not clear i don't have wifi don't have 3g i want to use this application on gprs can you update new version for support gprs also thank .
after i reinstall . the earth picture will take forever for me to load . not be able to enjoy wechat anymore . hope you fix it .
can't open after download .
nice and good network .
good app .
hope will have button for deactive account , allow or not allow for people add and delete comment from friend . thank .
funniest emoji sticker fun , take a ton of storage space tho .
this app become more lag and still not improve even after ton of update . i must say i'm kinda disappoint .
can u small memory it i can give u 5star every day error f . i hate error .
the best .
y i can't download again wechat in my mobile samsung galaxy prime can u help me now please asap .
why cannot get in my wechat account .
this app suck .
lu thao loan i miss you so much be you alright .
well , i start use it on ios and i have my password as but when o try to open it in my lg g3 stylus all i can enter be so i basically cant use it in my android . please fix .
this the best and i like this .
fix it new update really very bad .
please give me one chance for me to convert the id wechat me for the first time i make it i think it can be change . please give me a chance to switch .
i love it .
love it .
meet for unknown person .
if it could show tht the contact r online or nt nd whethr the msg send be see or nt like whatsapp thn it would hav be grt . i wish the wechat team to look aftr tht nd work on it .
source of earn balance . p .
please add share mp3 to chat , group chat and to moment . i'll give five star after this feature enable .
shake location be not right .
as an international product , ui design should not meet the prevail standard andrew as be the internationally renowned im , why whatsapp and line can do it .
i could never share an image directly from google photo . need to download to phone first .
this app be complete garbage . after i click the app , all i see be the world and it never load . i wouldn't recommend this . useless junk .
go worst n stupid after update . much better old version . when type a long password become empty again . fix this . already uninstall n install still the same shit happen .
why i can log in after auto update wechat . pleasee help me .
like this app .
when i be use this app in phone memory , it be go good . but when i move it into sd card , it be not even open .
please add the follow shiw if the contact be online or offline . message send and see option .
i can communicate with friend easier , thank .
why must update . the old version be good .
after the update i can't get my voice chat work . cause when i press and hold to record my voice and once i release it hang there until i manually kill the app .
so many sticker and emotion .
i only use it because only one of my family member use it , not because i like it . not enough control over notification . it use to make me log in every time i open the app .
i m not able to login even after update today . i jus get earth on my screen thats it pls help me out to use it .
i like it .
it be very nice for communication .
please i really want to change my id . if it's not possible . at least let me deactivate my account your suggestion be not helpful . please work something out . thank .
it cannot open the app after update . please fix it .
nice ever .
i so really bore when another person be uninstall my wechat .
love it a lot .
we love we chat .
i can show u incredible thing . magic , kiss .
this app be no more interest now , its not respond , do something ,
video quality be bad viber be best .
love it .
i love it . but no chat meet hehehehe .
wechat say it can't get my current location but all my setting be set to high accuracy . anyone with a suggestion on what i can do to fix it the version before this update didn't give that problem .
it work very well for our purpose , communicate from canada with family in china . have it for about six month and no major glitch so far , we don't complain about little thing , s t happen .
nice apps .
can add a forward camera for record sight just a suggestion .
life saver , literally when my son go to vietnam and china . i be able to talk to him , text , and send picture back and forth .
i just click we chat and show out log in page after i log in everything be go . i post moment doesn't show my photo or name i can't see it .
i love it .
cannot go in blue moon appear , then application stop be wonder . ur application down , or mine havin a glitch . be use for mths without a hitch . only today thank .
this app be very irritate the thing i hate most be one cannot delete his her wechat account .
worst ever app that i have ever instal on my phone it suck .
but i can into the wechat when my wechat memory full .
its so good to chat .
just okay by the way .
i can't use people nearby now , im use asus zenfone5 .
very suck after update the new version .
it's really suck all my conversation go and so do the communication . the new upgrade do not support the older version photo .
i cant open it . when i open it , it go out to homepage . what happen please fix the problem .
plz just plz fix this problem whenever i go in the we chat anytime it will crash and it keep crash as hell just plz fix it my phone be asus fonepad7 plz if u won't fix it how i gonna rate u .
i can't log in my wechat . dont know why . i already uninstalled then install again . and still have a problem . whyy suck .
good to connect with friend .
its good . i love it .
great apps it give me rs . 150 when i reffer to friend and they download the apps give money thank you and they also give me more thinxx wechat .
this app be use less after updet .
what do you mean by unofficial wechat i can't log in because of it .
amaze app .
voice call n video call be superb . best apps than viber n whtsap .
can't use this app .
really good app .
i didn't receive rs 50 balance on my prepay number . they be make fool of people .
no its a not interest .
every apps now will bring new ui like material design instead lollipop , wechat where be yours .
its good app .
try to use this wechay .
nice app .
some time it can't snd msg fast . it take long time .
love it .
i love you .
really connect the friend .
i like it .
that's great application i recommend every one to use it .
it be very good app coz by this we get new frnds and we can also share our moment on it .
wechat now be really bad . i try to open how many time . but it's not work .
no reply at all from team simple question ask but totally no responsibility to answer or reply . be this some kind of attitude to us . or unsolvable question trust on you guy . i have doubt now .
it work really great before i update it . after the update , i always have to reinstall it bcuz if i don't , i cannot see anything other than the man . i wait for it with the think it be buffer but not . please fix this .
and a lot of people be use .
i cant launch it anymore although this be my second time install it please help me to solve it don't see me .
really intrested .
i can't open my wechat sometimes and need to reinstall , thus always lose chat history don't know what's my friend chat before . hope wechat can store chat history for us . no need always upload .
i like it .
i love it this be so much be we chat .
i cant sign up , it take a lot of time , delete this app ,
what do it mean admin do something please .
i have we chat .
need unlimited bottle please .
amaze app .
offer be fake because when top up oxigen not get balance and now offer be come with citrus so dont use .
it be a good apps .
love it .
great app .
plz fix the bug i take a photo , but can't save its always say not enough memory . my internel storage be 32gb , not full yet . bt still cannot save .
because cannot download .
wechat doesnt have deactivate button .
only give 5 star if voice call and video call be clear .
no option people nearby frends .
i like it .
i use to be able to switch the tab to the top , now there's no way i can do it . the developer team say they'd fix it and as the new update come , i be so thrill until i find out they hadn't fix it . liar and really you just have no clue why it'd lag while you press the comment symbol in the moment . i mean wth be that sluggish animation it make three of my phone look struggle with use your app . if you want to add nice animation do it nicely while i use it on my iphone , it doesn't have that laggy animation . you just don't give crap about android user . then don't upload your app to b play store .
it be awesome i like it to it be better what be up with you geek .
awesome app to connect with new people around world .
love it .
after update i can't send any picture it always say not enough space please close some app . but on ma gallery all of ma wechat picture can't open but others can . please help me . im use asus zenfone 6 .
really i love it .
hate it because when i try it say sorry that not your email and it be .
for more rat to 5 star , make the sight record minimum in one minute .
people nearby option be not at all load .
i instal it several time some day two time and its say after one time use not respond y .
won't let me sign up for use my email . i don't have my phone turn on so i can't use number so i use email and say can't use in my location .
thank u for reply but guy still i have same problem i follow all ur instruction but it doesnt work i think i can't install again wechat .
wechat would have be great i'd have give 5 star if it come with easy delete acc button . it's so hard to delete acc pls fix this .
very good .
nice app .
1 . try to recover pin of an alternative account by sms , it fail . then , i have to wait for 24 hrs to do it again . there be no other way out . 2 . usage of multi device for tablet , for ipad , and pcs , you need to scan the qr code every time you want to log in . even you cannot approach the chat history , . 3 . cannot open up more than one window at the same time , which be indeed stupid .
not good as whatsapp because when i start walkie takie session it start hang my mobile .
this app be very excelent .
very good .
nice application .
why u block me i just ask my gf to sign in through her phone use my password .
cant open . unfortunately wechat have be stop . evrytime i want to open that . 4 the new version . fix it .
what the fu k verification i cant use my own id because of verify 2 people's in my friend list .
wechat offer two great feature . moment collection and conversation . moment be easy to store . we just save the picture to our device . but conversation cannot be export or download . if you have a cherish conversation , like me , you wish to save it to keep it safe . but the best wechat offer be for user to backup the conversation to another device . this be not the same . please allow us to download our conversation .
keep on not respond after a few day use it , this be the 5th time install it . still happen again . uninstall .
for next update . need to show friend last see and friend online . so it make more easy to chat with friend .
this app be a lot of fun especially if you have international friend .
very good . but we all need show the last see with our friend .
too much update could lead to negative consumer s feedback .
very good .
its an excellent application however most of my contact do . not respond via this application .
a good app . not better then another app . but nice to have in mobile .
great job .
you should add bluetick or anything as similas as whatsapp do , so u can know if the other people have read your massage or not . it bother me so much to not know if that person already read my massage or not . also add online status and last see . that would be so useful . i'll rate 5 star if u do that .
powerfully imterest .
pleasee let me download this apps .
i love wechat because this be fun . and not make me bore . if i bore i can play wechat .
please check your bug at people around . my wechat can't detect location . i mean . when i open people around , it still detect 200km far away from my location .
it's same situation with me . when i update for the latest version , when i want to open wechat , it be stucked i don't know why . so annoy i'm worry if my older conversation in my chat would be lose . then , i've no choice . i've to install it again . please fix this . btw , how to get back my all history message all my previous conversation give me your respond please .
superb app .
nice 1 .
i ask we chat team . regard on how to . deactivate my account but no response .
it's suppose to be just ordinary to me instead its awesome maybe i'm wrong or poor instead .
when i clear my data all my group chat lose . please fix this .
its not notify me when i get new message .
good some how .
we love we chat this app be nicely to use msg pass voice call option .
can't download it why .
this application do not work on gprs or 2g data for pakistan wait for support gprs data .
i like wechat .
bestt in the world .
i think a lot of the ppl r have the same prob with save the sticker those sticker send by friend can't be use why please fix it .
its good to use whatsapp n we chat .
good but please satisfy me i be not at all satisfy with this app , satisfaction be necessary than i will rate you 5 star .
yeh my friend many i shake and bottle drive haha thank you tencent .
very good .
it take more memory . this will give a problem to user that use phone that have small memory like 2gb or 3gb .
how do i invite mobile contact before when i add this app , i could do it now i can not but i can get other people invitation .
i really2 like this app .
it be great .
i like it .
fix it please .
why hindi msg r be block . should we go for other app .
i kinda like it it's just that it would be better if you could recall a message for like after 5 minute .
best way to communicate with someone .
excellent work .
it will be better if wechat also have the search function like whatsapp so that people can search for previous message easier .
i can't open wechat after update it anyone tell me how can i solve this problem .
very nice apps .
great app . fcuking app .
i feel it be best that all sort of phone have the same function to be fair for both ios and android .
nice to use .
i like this application .
for chat with contact in your phone book you be fine . other function don't work . can't gud people nearby , video call be dead , facebook link dead . this be a downgrade and not an upgrade .
i just update it and nw i cant open it . i try in many way to let it open bt all in vain . would u plz tell me what be problem .
there r always fake recharge offer . when its time to redeem . it show up some stupid shop voucher . don't instal .
why be it that i cant open my we chat app on my android phone . evrytime ill try to use it and open it will automatically close what do it mean i can no longer access on my we chat . tskk could somebody help me solve this effin error pls .
the sticker i send to my friend cant move at all .
i forget my password and the verification code never give the number that i should use to lock in what i gonna do .
love it so much .
love the ui .
love it .
it's good .
omg , my wechat cannot send out and receive messgae at all although my internet be connect .
of this app it's gud enuf .
voice be not clear on 2g network or gprs .
hope wechat update have wallet , please fix .
i find finally the best app ever for voice n video chat . thnks wechat .
it good . i can message . my family . and boyfriend .
best fr call . but doesn't give notification properly . if they fix that . then . its the best .
would be happy .
i can't open it when i just update a few minute ago .
nice app .
close this app
how to redem balance .
who care about moment , sticker , photo and other cute addition when they make he app heavy and unusable .
high battery consumption .
wokey let chat .
i love it .
i cant change my profile pic my cover photo . fix this asap .
all sticker that i send in last 25 day for the reward be a total waste . first you block yourself and secondly nothing work in the my balance menu when click . solve the problem den reply .
good and easy to access .
sometimes record voice no sound . please fix the bug . i very unhappy after update new version . cannot log into account .
make way for user to see their old post and picture easily , plea , so tht they didnt have to scroll down .
love it .
love it .
do not show me new sticker which other people have . stick on the old sticker for more than a month .
lol . since the update , it jst stick on the earth screen . fix it asap plz .
i can't open my wechat after update it . please fix .
how to deactive wechat account .
please upgrade it so i can upload the video on my moment .
ilove it .
all in one . voice , video , wkitki , newsfeed , money transfer , utility feature etc . , wechat will be the one and only app for future world . i be delight with its function , nonstop service and support . congratulation to those who have download and use wechat .
love it .
we chat .
very hard to download .
can't even view my wechat anymore . i cant even stay in wechat for more than 3 second , ever since i update it to the newest patch . pls fix it .
its really cmfrtble n safe to use it y .
like a app .
it would be better if a buzz option be include . it would be perfect for work and business , especially when want to let the other party know that the message be urgent .
hi wechat team . can you block a certain account coz my phone be steal from me and my account have important picture and i don't want it to leak . can you guy help me with my problem thank you have a nice day .
earlier this app be very gud but now im unable to change my profile pic and when ever i try to update it say unable to upload profile pic . app be useless now and think to uninstall it .
why after update only can save 150 emotion please increase the place . after u update can save more emotion i will rate 5 star .
voice be clear .
this be the second time that an update have cause it to stop get message .
after the most recent update , it be fine for a few day . then crash again . please help . i dun want to uninstall and lose my chat history .
its always not respond . can u fix that .
i can't open it . its keep show the man with the moon . please fix this .
cannot launch since last update . please reupdate the apps .
easy to operate .
just love it .
good . best . nice app to use . star .
why be all the people i find from the middle east .
translate a lot of language .
with new update only 50 m . ssage can be delete but older version up too 100 message .
unlike other similar app , this one lack the read notification which make sender guess whether recipient receive the msg or otherwise .
nice app .
the audio in video chat will not work on the external speaker even though no head phone be plug in please fix .
why when i try to upload photo it crash and go back to the logon page . and please update wechat so it can save old message when i change phone . please help .
voice be not clear on 2g network or gprs .
here be a fix if you be here because of problem after recent update , here be what i do and what you might want to try . i personally couldn't backup my chat history due to the glitch you might not be able to either . strangley though you can backup your address book . save pic from convos that you want to save . uninstall app via app store , then reinstall via app store . login either via phone number and password or just cell phone number . voila . apart from lose chat history , everything should work .
this app make mw life turn to upside down , i really hate this app , my relationship after 3 year just end because this app , ty sir .
this be good but not very will .
okey . make it fast download i give 5 star .
this app not bad .
something best this apk .
i suggest to change the name to we shake , shake make this app unbelievable amaze .
i want 2 give 5star for this app but 3 thing stop me 1 . its slow app , 2 . its hang my mobile during give notification of frnds , 3 . i can not see others comment on my friend post .
this app cheat about the offer . i don't expect the reward i know u will not respond . and people don't waste time .
it be easy to use it .
hate it wen i should sen the sticker , to my friend they r nt save .
cant use this feature . fix this .
i think it not support with the os . keep fix dev . make it for all version of os be compatible .
wechat claim that the app i'm use be unofficial and lock my account . since you can only unlock an account use a phone number once , i'm basically lock out . especially frustrate when i'm try to chat with my grandma back in china . guess the app they put on google play isn't official enough .
i can't open it before now i can't install it again .
after update the experience be great .
plzz show online notification .
nice work .
the best ever .
why after new update . i couldn't save those sticker send by my friend and the animation won't work anymore hey team's please fix it my handset be samsung note 4 .
awesome app .
why new version can't open .
better than fbk . what be up with you geek have it on my sony , now on my htc update and work great . you cant work then its you or your phone . simple .
i use for camera nothing more .
so good .
ease of use .
it work bad . why it always get jam whatsapp just do fine .
i very sad when i try to download my wechat back after my phone must to format . i want to the reason about all this stupid way , so what should i do i don't like the answer , the device be unsuficient then error i buy the internet for a month , this thing make my become very sad and very angry so tell me what happen and what must i do .
why i cant open my wechat can someone teach me how to open this .
thomas jefferson .
cant change profile photo . photo album not display correct photo .
love it .
the best .
multi functional , much better than other apps .
always not respond after new update . 5star after u fix it .
you go to the group . you take people image on top right . and then you ll find sticky on top . that's how to stick your group if uninstall . you try and uninstall and then download again . i do that a few minute ago . my friend teach me .
it be a wonderful app to chat .
i couldn't open wechat now what's happen hallo .
love it .
it be very nice app please use this app write now .
by fat the best message app out there no complaint . great feature , very reliable , easy to use .
its awesome .
i think wechat should have an add account thingy so i didnt need to logout and login the another account i mean its just so frustating and the service its slow . and yeah . u know what . wechat should have last see or maybe a double tick .
it be ok with new update but i think the old be much better , the new update make my memory full .
crash whenever i try to download a sticker and share a page . and now i cant open the page anymore . haha .
people nearby doesn't even load i've restart my phone and delete the app and instal it again and still doesn't work .
stable , easy to use , load with feature , and best of all , it's free .
it's same situation with me . when i update for the latest version , when i want to open wechat , it be stucked i don't know why . so annoy i'm worry if my older conversation in my chat would be lose . i've no choice . i've to install it again . please fix this .
please give solution to differentiate between normal chat and broadcast message , also now only wechat that still leave behind without material design , bbmessenger already up to date , and i think wechat be still promise as messenger .
nyc app .
new feature .
sometimes . nope not sometime but so frequently . i can't even receive any message and also can't see the latest moment update so please fix it .
it really suck with the new update . i couldn't save those sticker send by my friend and the animation won't move . it very lag too and will shut down . i want the old version back .
nice app .
nice app .
it's great cause i can text my cousin but it keep freeze .
old login number cannot be retrieve it expire . now my wechat be link to my email and i be try to reset the password but cannot be do . how can i retrieve my account .
love it .
i already update . when i log in to wechat , it will automatically back to launcher . why be like that please make it more interest . so , it can make people more like it and download .
just simply awesome .
the best app ever , you must download .
vdo call not work .
nic but 2 slow .
easy to use but dangerous .
make a fix for group fhoto for all . it jst only leader of group make it .
why wen i shake in this app it can't stop it stick when i shake it stop like that i can't out hurh fix it .
its memorable everytime u meet someone in person from wechat .
nice app .
not complete the installation successfully .
i'm try to open many time . restart my phone , clean junk . it still stick on earth logo . please fix .
very effective to connect the surround .
so bore i hate this app .
be ok .
stick at load . please dear sir help fix it .
after the update wechat right from the beggining everytime i will shake my phone . it will just say no result find even my signal be very excellent . good thing be i can chat but cant add more friend . try to fix please .
becoz this be very danger to use .
you guy should fix your app . i cant open my wechat after update it . i will give u 3 star .
and cannot delete any of them . i've try email u . but no response .
not able search nearby people through location . always get a message that unable locate your location . so what should i do tell me .
nice social .
i would have give a 0 star if possible large space , lag a lot , and i have be cheat three time by we reward . i get the promo cod but no recharge include the latest oxigen one fake why do u have to resort to cheap tactic for publicity be fair . customer will come to u .
love it .
nice app .
bakvaas app .
too big .
i like it .
gud job .
very gud and very simple to use .
all be good .
so many formality . not so friendly . but ok with itt .
i wan to delete my wechat account . can u help me . i get a new account . but i want delete the old one . please help me . then i give 5 . thx .
cannot update . error while retrieve information from server .
we chat be slow n bore .
i can't open it . its keep show the man with the moon . please fix this .
facechat and voice talk .
easy to use .
what's the point of use this to contact friend when you cannot find them or connect to them use their wechat id not a fan of this and not use it .
please fix it . its always legging . this apps always stick .
i didn't like it because i ask chat team for help but they didn't so i recommend that thy close down this app .
please help me it keep on give me error code 5 1 please help me whoever make this app i cant signup .
we reward just a fake thing . oxigen cashback doesn't work n even d reward .
love it .
fuck i can't open wechat after update it . please fix this app quickly .
when i use shake feature it show people list instead of single person . it's so weird . lot of local fake people . list view really kill me . fix it .
better app for chat .
very good .
love it be ether one .
my gps function very well . it be always like that every time i click people nearby .
i cant open the wechat . this be mind fuvk .
its really . nice app . i just watch it . in my friend mobile .
nothing to comment . its just great apps .
it would be great if u have pop up reply option .
the sticker be so cute .
this be my first time use this app but i love it .
god app .
very useful .
recently update wechat and now cant open it . use asus zenfone 5 android kit kat . pls fix it .
i really love it .
be there any possible way we as the user can delete our account i think it'll much more easier and helpful if we can . please take further action . tq .
give a popup for a wechat please .
so good .
don't worry be not because u update the app . i hvt update also cannot use the app . hehehe .
its hot app .
now i'm can't use wechat . after im uninstall this app . i cant download this app anymore .
i wish i could share youtube video on my moment .
i install it not to see the earth .
become more laggy after upgrade this app .
good app .
nothing to compare .
i love this app .
when i use shake feature it show people list instead of single person . it's so weird . lot of local fake people .
this be good .
hello we chat help me because i forget my password we chat how to find my acct i open we chat with my fb now .
it be my second heart .
its good but why i can't send moment with text only other android user can do . why cant i .
friendly platform for chat with your friend around region .
very good app .
there's a glitch with upload any photo . it crash and restart .
i love it too much .
i really like it .
i cant chat with my friend trough this app .
voice message be not send to show and other person receive it .
old login number cannot be retrieve it expire . now my wechat be link to my email and i be try to reset the password but cannot be do . how can i retrieve my account .
after update , the apps cant be open anymore . blurgh .
very nice but i want that you improve translation more . sometime translation doesn't correct . and i want that if i can see whose online or not . like whatsapp and hike . overall the wechat be good .
why we chat so lag and well always logout what happen can fix dis maybe thank .
why my phone cannot accept for old id wecht .
its not download .
love it so much .
ignore this apps cause this apps waste your time .
very good .
when i first download it be function normally and great but after the lastest updade i start have problem open the app , but the voice call have improve and i'm happy .
i like it .
because when i open it , it have be not respond and i can't open it anymore and i must install this application back please , fix it .
i use it much bt it sometime function badly .
best app .
find love of mah life , mah wife here .
i have use this app , for the last few year to chat with my friend in another country , and it work great but now , since i finally decide to upgrade i wish i do not , and i wish i would have stick with my instinct it do not work anymore why i'm really sorry how i sound , and i'm be not just complain . please fix this soon please so i can talk to my friend , again .
i love wechat .
its good .
why my account be block . this app very bangsat .
2 time cannot log in 2 time uninstall and install back be same . please solve this problem i use samsung note 1 .
i love it .
what can i do i already try connect to facebook but it cannot . help me . i need my wecht .
after i insert the sms code , it ask to verify ownership but nothing really happen after i hit ok . it's break .
love it .
nice app .
it be ok before . after a few day when i try to open it , it stucked like forever , and i have to install it back . please fix this . i dont want to lose my fav app .
good app for chat .
i already update it because my friend say i can see all the ios emojis even i'm use samsung . badly i couldn't see it while my friend can and she's use asus . tell me why . fix this and u'll get 5 .
wechat take forever to load most stupid app i ever use .
its the best it be not better than whatsap but it be second on my list .
good app to communicate .
crash . crash and always crash when i browse for photo .
like it .
the best .
why i can't see the full image of my friend to share moment . fix this problem please . and please drift bottle can unlimited .
get it off the store .
bridge relationship .
please reply immediately , how can i save sight video this be important .
recommend that a password before access the app would be really great . if this function can be do that would really appreciate .
i can't install the app . it keep say that it's instal from google play store , it won't finish instal .
other apps like whatsapp be better than yours . it can call already why don't you follow them work harder .
fuck i can't open wechat after update it . please fix this app quickly .
easy to vedio call .
wechat the best app . my account trouble .
i like it .
best app for contact to other people .
its the lovely app .
not good .
love it .
nice but not work video call .
i dont know what happen it just cant open and when it do open it stop where the man be watch the moon .
why when i download , percent have stop at 88 and lastly say unknown error code during application install 24 . please , help me to solve this problem .
it save the phone balance . no need inter nationnal call . feel like in home .
profile be not upload .
like it .
doesn't work if i click the find people near you option .
my moment can't to update after 3 day when i want to see my news moment .
when i download this wechat i can't see the moment picture . why please solve this problem .
love it .
crash , can't even start after update b .
when i use shake feature it show people list instead of single person . it's so weird . lot of local fake people .
i unable to turn the app on and off after i update the app and , no one be able to help me out .
why be the custom sticker page always sync it take forever to add one sticker . otherwise really great app .
it's so great app .
i hate wechat data 134mb . when i be clear data 60mb only . but data be rise again . now my data until 72 . 67mb so pls improvement this app . tq .
after update i can't open wechat anymore . it's stick at a man that see the earth for half hour .
this apps very problem .
wish the interface look a bite better but work great functionally .
it's pretty useful espresso in travel in china mainland . love the translator as that make like easy .
best app .
fun sticker and good communication .
but nect time i also love it .
i just instal wechat but i cant sign up . even in browser .
unable to send chat to my friend . but if i be uninstall and install back . but the problem also same after a few day .
love it .
it be good .
not bad .
never forget to use the best .
recently my sd card get damage , i unistall it and reinstall in the usb storage , i cant see the moment or profile picture , it state i need sd card for that . another problem ia about the shake , i always get shake qith hongkong people . always . im in malaysia . i know its random but why its always hongkong people .
it's a fake we reward don't use this .
it be worst app ever make i feel so sorie .
please give us unlimited bottle to collect . you don't need to strict about that . it will fun to get much bottle from others but too bad because there be limit . i will sure give you 5 star if you do that or at least response my review to tell why you can't do that . thank you .
after i update this app i can't even open this app . please i need this app for such a busy thing .
thanx wechat .
my wechat cant be open fr 1 week . why . why . why .
hi , when you update next time can you please take broadcast off .
i want a new theme .
cannot open the app in android 4 . 0 . 4 after require to upgrade to version v6 . 2 . uninstalled and instal again do not help . can help to debug v6 . 2 .
whether wechat can be instal on tablet reply me .
just miss that live group chat option .
its very nice . i'm not get bore col .
very nice .
awesome app .
like it .
i like it .
i like .
it's very nice to use this app . but there bug that make my phone a bite slow can you fix it .
like it .
really nice apps .
be love the social medium .
love it .
pretty good .
stupid previously i can search for keywords in msg but after the update this function be go .
i like it .
good app i love this app .
it always say that my wechat storage be full . but i already delete my old file and i still can't see it . i hv to reinstall my wechat if i want to see it . please fix it .
nice app .
great app .
i like it .
greatest if we can share song at the moment .
good for chat .
why take so much time to update , i try so many time but show nothing . it just show download , download , download don't have any progress .
allow to share video in moment side to make wechat more interest .
a comment specially for those whose single comment can misguide others regard we reward . reward be real . nothing be fake .
this really better .
i can easily communicate with my love one .
i can't open since this morning . no update i do within tge past 24 hour . what's wrong .
i love wechat . but recently i change handphone and find i cant see the reddot when incomming msg . please solve the problem .
efficient application .
good but it be not open to my micromax yureka device .
its need verification by choose friend photo . but non of the photo be my friend . new update make it more complicate . i just want to log in use my id use a device . cant you make it easier for new device to log in .
why there be no option to see last see . and there be serious lag for give notification . app be battery kill too .
it cannot be inactivate in standby .
after update today , video call cannot use earphone .
easy to use .
superb app .
too slow .
this be the only way i can connect to my dad . he doesnt know fb nor viber . haha .
i have redem code for oxigen waller it be not work at all i have ti trnsfer 10 rs ti my frd but it show internal error and some time something go wrng . what to do .
reward be just for name .
good apps .
allow this app to make a video call by group . please make it happen .
get all we chat we reward 2015 .
nice app . maybe you need to work on the speed of the app .
great apps .
app be good but we reward be fake .
abviously cool .
upgrade it . and i cant delete who i dislike friend where on earth be the delete button . simply go . only let us block . i dont want to block friend .
why cant a circle of friend directly delete state .
coupon code for oxigen wallet doesnot work i didnot get any cashback after transact 10 to friend plz solve this issue .
wow so fine .
very good .
fix it . sometime i cant open it need to reinstall . too much pain .
after read the review from others , i find out that im not the only one who cant open my wechat . so pls consider this and fix it .
not able to install wechat app , get application installation error 506 . not able to access the provide url .
hello wechat admin , pls update new option witch friend online . should be green dot or some othere andication for online contact friend . thx .
as an international product , ui design should not meet the prevail standard andrew as be the internationally renowned im , why whatsapp and line can do it .
i have be install it again and again and it keep say that an error while download . please fix it asap . so annoy .
i like it .
nice app .
very good .
why not save sight .
it's really good but i always get problem when want to open it , it always not respond at the earth picture and i need to reinstall it to enter it again . please fix the problem . thx .
more function , easy use .
i get a lg g2 cell have the android version 4 . 4 . 2 . the camera go really dark while do a video call , it happen the same with both front and back camera . can u kindly solve the issue or tell me what can be do as i use the video call section alot .
very interest .
i actually wanna give 0 star . grr ,
why be wechat say my account have be block for security reason . that be that i'm use an unofficial wechat app . even though this be where i download it from play store like doesn't make sense .
easy to connect to others .
your app be goodbbut painfully slow to respond .
front camera for sight please .
the best .
i think this app kind of good , but i think its take a lot of storage .
why when i download , lastly error download , during application 24 .
alredy update still not show ppl nearby , keep say location data unable try again later . pls fix .
cant download this version .
wereward of your and oxigen wallet both of you make fool to others worst app ever both of seem to be fake . oxigen wallet give promise to give 80 rs on send 10 rs to frnd in wereward but oxigen wallet be 3rd class app always show internal error please fix it .
great app , by the way my application not respond .
good apps .
why the hell this app doesn't work now it open and automatically shut down again since 26th morning . be this because , we cannot redeem the recharge balance u guy be sucha mess .
latest version of wechat be get worse . it cannot select picture from phone gallery . and it cannot auto backup as whatsapp after we log out or clear app's data . my pic and chat with people be all go if so , what for we use wechat if it isn't help to communicate to people please update it as soon as possible . thank .
after update always crash when post photo at moment there .
difficult to chat n so on .
it have be the 3rd time i follow it . get nothing from whichever i have select . oxigen cash back didn't give me anything even waste some in transfer . same as everytime . poor way to fool .
the best app but . it lag on my phone . but still its ok . thumb up .
i love it .
worse and the worse , i can access to receive my message .
can you do like a whatsapp have a receip read . if you do that i will give you five star .
great app .
please help me to restore all the chat history . it ruin my day . i've mail for assistance . thank and look for your reply . id allenlim0914 .
wechat be nice app this be super .
cant launch the apps after upgrade to 6 . 2 . rubbish . please fix it pls . and return all my message record . it mean lot to me . fix it immediately .
love it .
everytime i try to open my wechat , it only show the earth picture for a verylong time and it say wechat be not respond , why it didn't work .
crash after 5 second and either restart or just doesn't reopen .
please add block function .
can't open after a few month .
after update i cant chat wif frien , please fix it .
very good .
wechat be the best app ever .
very nice .
more update because i can see if my message to my friend be read already .
good app .
unstable , always stick . contact go after reinstall .
its a very good apps but can just add on a way to forward the voice message , please support wechat .
i love it .
please dont ever change with any new update version when you change the version msg space be take too lengthy . so please don't ever change the old version . this be one of the best application .
my contact and data be go .
its good .
cam and audio be clear . it useful and best app than i use to be before .
great app .
but not work properly wat can l do .
please fix it im delete the chat , but the chat not delete still have the chat . hate it . please fix it .
find a very good friend .
when i update this its crash so now what can i do . plz help me .
very easy to conect .
why can't to use wechat theme it be so cute . i hope next time i can use wechat theme .
be there a way to remove , block , or hide people on look around i don't want to see the same people all the time .
i love you .
when i want to share my photo , i will auto close and back to moment and its happen again and again . fix it .
love it .
can't even launch the app please fix .
love it .
its a cool app .
this be one of the best app for video call .
can not be link email account and facebook . although i have never continue in other wechat id help overcome this problem .
som time work shaker plz clear my problem .
i be look around about the way to change my profile picture but cannot find it .
hope wechat have theme .
suddenly the account be close , not to explain , not to be restore . the most appal be not delete account block , cause a lot of friend misunderstand .
never trust them ask for upgrade if you try you will lose all your sticker . very bad i will give minus star .
new version get hang . not able to change the dp also . hate it . please fix it .
love it .
the best way to connect new friend .
love it .
love it .
after the yahoo messenger . only one app who have the power to make unknown ppl friend . a unique way to connect ppl .
hello dear your update of this we chat be not good . bcoz location be nt available in people nearby . n location nt detect . in my samsung galaxy s advanc gti9070 . plz fix this issue .
great app .
i want more interest on this app . plz .
not satisfy at all , it hang a lot and i cannot send audio . please udgrade the app and add the option to send audio save in the memorycard .
great program . thank a lot . it's the best application can use .
pretty great ape .
awesome app .
it's good .
i like it .
please do something about the sticker , some of them i have before , now i reset my wechat , i couldn't download them anymore .
its an amaze app . i love it .
nice app .
this application be so good .
my balance tab be not load . what be this at the time of redemption of we reward balance .
best app .
i be instal this app , for balance .
i don't know i have a message until i open the app . something be wrong with notification push .
its not work . i already install it thrice . it ruin my night .
cannot share on moment .
sight so bad . 5 megapixel camera so lagg when use sight when night . please fix it team .
i'm always cannot go in wechat they only stay at the earth page wechat make me lose many important conversation pls take note and i'll give five star .
very nice .
we chat with you only .
why be wechat say my account have be block for security reason . that be that i'm use an unofficial wechat app . even though this be where i download it from play store like doesn't make sense .
best palebuto .
thank it's ok .
i just update the latest wechat app , and it's useless .
i love it .
i like wechat .
very comfortable social network .
mangal gurung .
i like this app very much i hope people who be like me will also surely like this app .
really hate it because i can't install .
good app .
i have be use this app for year . recently i couldn't switch on wechat . i have uninstall and reinstall for many time . but i still can't overcome the problem . i feel so annoy redo the step . can someone please tell me how to overcome the problem .
we chat .
i love this app so much .
we love wechat .
please i want to download wechat .
why sometimes my incoming msg be delay receive .
no functionality for delete account and isn't respond while free voice video call . also consume lot of battery and memory .
cannot open the app in android 4 . 0 . 4 after require to upgrade to date version v6 . 2 . uninstalled and instal again do not help . i suppose my message will be go if i able to use it again . can help to debug .
its always fun to use this app .
so fast and easy for chat .
i love it .
all message be save in our phone not on their network . that take a lot of memory out of our phone . also , if we be not careful , we will delete all important message include the picture . my family and friend stop use wechat . we be use facebook messenger now . it save all our message on their network .
don't like the idea that people from my chat group which be not in my contact list can message me .
i can't log in , why what happen always unable to connect 5 1 tell me what should i do .
but why be the minion emoticon not available to me .
hey , just reinstall it and its go worst . i only can chat but cannot access anyhing else , not even the moment or my own post . fix it pls . get tire try to figure out this shit .
god can do anything , anywhere at anytime .
love the app .
what its dees .
i wish i didn't update wechat . i be very dissapointed . it become slower . it have new feature but the older vesion be much more convenient to use . i wish i could turn it back to the older version . kindly fix the problem update must be into something better and not to worsen thing . 2 star only for you .
i want to install this app please accept .
three time iam downloded and reinstall wc but shake not work .
so slow this we chat . not same before update very disappoint .
why my custom emoji be not work at asus zenfone 2 ze551ml .
unable to open app after update . will change rat after fix .
can't use the people nearby feature on 3g network , please fix it .
i like it .
why be it take so long to download this .
i love to eat dodol but i hate wechat because it always crash everytime i wanna open it .
pls fix . i can't logon my wechat this whole day . pls fix for me . i have alot of data inside . pls .
we chat make my rountine in a day feel easy . i enjoy it very much .
i'm unable to check my balance detail in reward section . whenever i click on my balance it say load but nothing happen .
i like it but my first time some aasphilo bh .
good apps but sometimes it dosen't work properly in my sony xperia c .
but awesome app .
why be the emoticon in yellow gold colour change it back to normal , its ugly in yellow gold colour .
very nice .
many fail if i click new moment . i need install again . so waste mb . kb .
should not set limit on it .
awesome app .
i want to redeem my balance but it not work 1st through mail they give me ans at present they do not give my balance i hate this app .
i like it more if it have a skin . pretty good to look at , not like this bore plain white color .
how to deactivate wechat account .
i love it .
why my photo miss i didn't delete any of them and suddenly my chat background be white at all please fix it at soon as possible .
it be not login for me .
too many time i keep repeat install , unistall but when finish aiyoo knnot open oh .
hey please correct about network connection . i'll give u 5 star .
awsm app . shake functionality be so good . y .
download from play store in my note 3 run lollipop 5 . 0 .
sheer waste of time and phone space .
cool way to know difrent ppl and meet new ppl who near you . lol im just lovin it .
can't download .
nice app .
load . slowly .
what be the limit to shake .
cool app .
video call .
i use wechat almost a year but these few day i notice that my people nearby don't function at all . i can see the people nearby me but my friend can't see me at all . kindly help me fix this problem . i give wechat 5stars if u can fix it . please .
just download this app so im yet to experience it and will be able to say whether i can recommend it to some of my friend or like it .
when i click on my balance nothing be display .
worst app i ever use .
love it .
good apps .
new version stick many time .
i could only find one contact of my malaysian friend but even try have their phone number still do not work . listen carefully i think that location problem of me in singapore unable to locate my friend in malaysia .
even after update , its not show balance in reward option .
love it .
i cant install it . bby the way , my sd card 16 gb . my photo just have 6 photo .
very bad offer i complete all thing but no balance come .
so good .
its jast waste of time .
just tell me that how to redeem the balance into my mobile wallet .
like it .
nvr cn cmpt with app like whatsapp .
good app for chat .
i'm unable to check my balance detail in reward section . whenever i click on my balance it say load but nothing happen .
add night mode function please .
look like a worst app i have do daily activity for more than 10 day and in the reward section when i tap on balance my balance be not come and come like a blank page .
5 star .
my account will automatically log out .
can u please get round speech bubble i like it when there round .
the my balance tab be not work and i dont have any previous balance check message to redeem the reward and the faq didnt help please see to it asap i have also be mail you guy , such a pathetic service .
why , when remove my simcard all my application go but when i try to feedback or download sorry error no sufficient pair on device . error . error . errow .
i can not view my balance and take reward after 25th june , very bad experience .
can't directly upload photo in moment .
good app .
please wechat , follow the silence command i can't count the number of time i've be wake up by wechat vibrate despite the phone be on silent .
why my account be block . this app very bangsat .
i like it .
local not find during shak .
too many i instal but still cant open the page .
unable to check balance when go to reward section and tab to my balance nothing happen solve the problem .
cant even access in keep pop out fix it .
nearby search unable . please fix this . it always say my location data be unavailable . i have a strong connection .
nice app .
my voice change when i use the new version 1 .
love the app .
i want to log in to my account yesterday , but it say i log into unofficial wechat account . i uninstalled wechat and try to download it , but i can't be download . please help me .
wish i wish i could say the same .
i've now instal it , but it seem so slow . i've wait so long . please do something . fix it . my internet preety fast to do any else download , but when it come to download wc , it be peety bad .
now , there's no option to remove contact . please resolve .
not get people around me option .
i can't get into , it will stick at the front the earth , i can't open it and chat with my friend .
awesomeness be my middle name .
i can't update a moment , and i can't see any of my friend new moment . its look like this wechat not live at all .
i love it .
too many space need than whatsapp app .
nice app for chat and video call super .
love it .
after install a new wechat . i lose all my friend . and moment . how to recovery from old wechat .
all day wechat don't work , i get message but i can't open it .
why cant download .
it be a very good communication app .
i love the app .
its really awsome .
i love it .
be good .
good chart system with privacy .
the size be so big .
i love it .
awesome apps . but frequently sign out automatically its weird .
verry nice this app .
so many pervert .
can the sight add front camera .
great app for those who love to be great and build great relationship .
cannot download it .
unable to load location data even though location data already turn on .
my we chat doesn't have drift bottle .
i can't even open it . no matter how many time i install and uninstall it . reply please .
nice . i like it . only this my moment i don't know how to explain .
it would be fun if we chat can send mp3 but that's only for suggestion .
the best .
i can't find my friend through phone number even i try attach my phone number . and some problem in languange section , . when i use malay languange , but not all show the malay languange . but keep show chinese word .
voice be not clear on 2g network or gprs .
love it .
so bore version .
i love my wechat .
guy pls fix it i have problem i have lot of friend in wechat before i reinstall but not i can't install msg come 24 error .
i like it .
will not open on galaxy s4 , open fine when it be instal last week now it force close instantly .
i be go to uninstall this app . i cant view profile pic and moment picture .
this app desrves 5 star if u would snd me the pincode .
after update wechat totally cannot open i hope this problem have be solve .
nyc app .
nice app .
the best for me and for you and for us .
very good and nice .
the best app for videocall ang messge . 5 star .
wonderful app which allow user to communicate with others from other country kudos .
i like it .
i love it .
u must have the option to see who's online and ofline . and somebody saw ur txt or not . last when he come online . u must improve all this thing . thn it will be easy for us to stay wid wechat . thnks .
i kinda like it . throw bottle , shake phone and yeah so big size .
a lil bite slower and buggy but still , love it .
like it .
it's ok .
we chat be the best apps for chat , call , video call etc . its a best .
it get stick on the load screen and it's still the same even though i wait for it won't change to the chat screen . please fix thank you .
its a good app but their be some problem .
my wechat wont work properly . hate it .
love it .
auto shut down after press enter .
for free call and message .
voice clarity be good .
every 2 or 3 day need to uninstall . than install again . i dont know what happen . really very anoying . i just install yesterday but from last ningt untill this morning get problem again cant open always not respond .
it should have the one feature like what's app to tell this message be receive or not .
love it .
after i update my wechat early this week , this be the second time it happen . i can't open my wechat . i have to uninstall n instal it back when i want to use it n after 2 day it happen again . n it take a lot of space too .
hate it
my phn be reset by mistake but when i dwnload it agan and log in agin , my reward be disappear . i collect 230 but now my reward be disappear . im very much upset with this .
i can chat , play game , video call , and more .
i love it .
unable to install at my new asus zenfone 5 .
very good .
hi wechat i really like your product . however , i would like to suggest that you create an option for us whether to receive notification for any activity on the moment such as someone have reply our comment or new post . this be because it's hard for us to check whether someone have reply our comment on the moment since maybe some of us like to chat through the comment . i hope you be go to consider my suggestion . thank you .
love it .
nice i love it .
it's so easy to use an i love the video call to my frnds .
we reward india . when click my balance there be no notification pop uo with my balance link .
im have this problem after update it , i prefer the previous version . each time i open it , it just stick and pending at the open . then it automatically off . so technically i can't even log in , and how im suppose to chat with my friend if i can't log in . please fix this problem .
how i can get back my wechat . i forget my pasword also i dont know my email adress of wechat .
help me keep in touch with my bff .
i be use zenfone 6 . why i always can't recieved message from friend . need enter we chat then only can receive message .
ergh . why i can't open this app . hate it .
every 2 or 3 need to uninstall . than install again . i dont know what happen . really anoying . i just install yesterday but from last ningt untill this morning get problem again cant open always not respond .
my account be block because somebody try to open it up some place else so i try to unblock it through wechat security . though i receive a text confirmation , some feature be still block . it's already the 8th day since i be block . it's suppose to last for only 7 day , but i'm still unable to use the people nearby and shake feautres . man , it suck . if you could help me with this , wechat , i'll install this again for sure .
bye people .
sony xperia x8 not suitable this version wechat .
i love it .
not bad .
excellent . super love this app . best chat app .
it's awesome .
what wrong i have uninstall and instal again but cannot login . please fix .
connection with people around the world .
brilliant i can't do without it .
upgrade the new wechat .
love it .
more connection . sometime fail network but have connection .
where be option to delete people .
sometimes really slow to open after so many time update . the old one be better than the latest one . please fix this asap . tq .
nice social network .
easy fast and love by every user . keep connect .
i uninstalled app now i can't install how to install again because show error .
i always uninstall because i cant use a l0ng period of time it always appear err0r and c0m . tensent .
keep run in the background , with no way to exit . and take up quite a bite more ram more than double than whatsapp while it's at it . uninstalling .
wechat keep your image onfile or force you to post a profile pic tha doesnt allow you to delete it . or cancel the account all together or change phone number as their code they provide doesnt work .
please i really want to change my id . if it's not possible . at least let me deactivate my account .
why the video in moment could not be watch wtf u present a function but it's not functional .
sometimes , it appear to be still play something after it actually finish a message . and that cause the screen to stay on , and of course battery drain .
i have to uninstall the app for space purpose , but when i try to reinstall the app an error come up i think the error number be 23 can you please find the problem and fix it .
too many nonsense ads in chinese . i be english speaker and i think i'm get a message and it be on advertise from we chat .
i also use it for almost a year . it start give me problem i then delete it and load it 3 time so that it work . now i can not download the app anymore . please help .
best apps on earth .
so amaze .
i always love this app it's very useful helpful to chat with my friend in other country .
i love wechat .
its chitting in rewads 2015 . i have send 10 sticker in group but 2 day in not tik in offer . verry bakkawas and bore apps . its watsupp be best .
very good .
go study n chill with ur family .
i love it .
very good .
i love wechat as i can get new friend and connect with others who be interest in have a new friend too .
i like this wechat .
i download before but i cant access my account so uninstall the app . i try to download again but they keep say error download . pls i need this app .
it should have the one feature like what's app to tell this message be receive or not .
why i can't log in to my account . please wechat do you job . i'm not satisfy with you service .
app be great , but sometimes it may lead so much data , after that , i must reinstall the application .
i do not like the new wechat now because even people that i've delete from my friend's list can still send me a text .
hii we need more security for all message and video call then no one can show the chat and all detail without password .
i didn't like this wechat new version . because its always stick when i want to log in . and then , i must wait for a long time . its also always say this wechat be not respond when i select wait and then wechat just be like that . its be blank . improve it back .
call and video .
i like it .
nice app .
it too much battery use . i have already do power save modw but still make my phone lag and it heat up my phone little bite . please make sure u guy fix this , try to do survey and research over whole device that costumer use .
it say i don't have any internet connection but i actually do . my whatsapp and others app be fine . pls fix .
really a bullshit app .
wechat i know you wont read all the common but i think you really have yo read it cause its true what they but you guy didnt fix the problem . im i right guy .
hat it very much .
i love this app .
please upgrade for people know how many friend and block unfriend .
6 . 2 more worse i already change my name and when i see it again it still same and to many glitch there no bug fix the glitch your make it worse .
after my phone update , nw my wechat cant voice chat . please make some update .
request support via email 12 day ago without a reply .
update suppose to be make thing more better right but u guy have make it much more worst .
like it .
good app .
please make an update with font size larger .
plz give me reply wechat team . when i open wc it the mssj didn't change . ok at first i though maybe the group become quiet for a while . but it have be 3 day and i need to uninstall wc and install it back every week . fix this problem plz . wc once be my no1 app .
keep it up . upgrade the video quality thank you .
my login always expire , how should i do .
i have be use wechat for 4 year on my iphone . recently i just get lg g4 android phone . since i change my phone , i can't find sticker option . i only have my old sticker from my iphone . this be really upset me . if i don't have to use wechat to talk to my family , i will definely uninstall wechat .
horrible keep say your account have be close all the time .
profil photo can't be change . what happen to this app could you please quickly solve this prob hate it .
the recent update have make the wechat app on my phone worse and worse . please fix it asap before issue new feature .
i like this app because video call and voice call .
work better than other chat apps .
this be so good i can chat with my friend every day .
the voice record always make my date in trouble fuck of la o .
after the update it say unable to load your location data . why be this . 24 06 2015 will you plase respond what be wrong with the new update its ask me to switch on gps . i didnt hv to do this before the update . it be work alright now im get this error message and i can t search anyone and i cant even deactivate this thing .
i love wechat .
i lose some of my sticker , and after the update i can't open the app .
i like wechat but when i post sight its break thts my problem .
very good .
i love it .
i like .
there be no function to automatic add my mobile contact , after i add all my mobile contact one by one , they ban me for add too many friend . what excuse me i not randomly add nor add by friend radar nor people nearby , why ban me for add my contact book useless .
wechat be a app . it's work with any other chat e . g . whatsapp , viber , hike , twitter , facebook , google , yahoo messenger etc .
we chat not send notification .
when update a new version it become problem to log in . take a long time to sync . i don't know why .
wechat doesn't seem to be aware that the chinese government have block google , which be a bite ironic as i'm sure the govt do that to promote wechat and other competitor over western company . for some reason wechat insist on use google map and direct you to google play to update . it be impossible to use map feature and difficult to update . also , there be less feature in the english version , such as wallet , which exist in english but will only appear temporally if you switch from chinese .
i like it .
because it so interest and fun .
why i can't open my wechat this be so frustrate .
i don't like this .
i've be use wechat for a few year . after the recent update it's really suck . , why you always block me from people nearby for nothing i haven't be use that for age . just after the update , your brilliant team send me a message tell me that i've be block from people nearby because be report many time . hey , i never use that but why you block me give me a good reason .
hell all pic be in chat it be already download but now from chat pic be delete its show download eror now .
how i can share song at moment wechat . please feedback .
hey please correct about network connection . i'll give u 5 star .
i have an andriod and can only see some iphone emojis please make it where i can see them all .
i have now download so let's see .
all free talktune as well as call and message love this app .
best way to connect people by f2f .
wechat crash whenever i try to change profile picture or cover . please fix asap and i'll make sure to give 5 star .
fun . love it so much . thank to developer .
i can't open it . why please fix it ok . please reply .
i like it a little . more modification require .
its suck but my friend be there so i kinda like it a little .
i can't sight . the content be not available .
ever since a few update month ago , i be not get any new sticker . be that deliberate i be happy to give high rat if the sticker issue be fix .
good , clear interrupt conversation as oppose to others .
so bad .
why its say block . not delete n remove . please . repair this wechat or upgrade . disappoint .
nice app .
people show nearby be far away frm us . worst experience with this app .
werewards be worth less .
it's amaze .
i 1 june to 25 june not give recharge say that 10 tommorow and today i be give the sticker in the group then also it say 10plz .
the ui be not that great compare to window phone version . but it have more feature and cool interface . unfortunately only my foreign friend exist on my contact list .
the best thing since slice bread .
point be not add even i send a sticker though fake app .
update be for better apps or better service . but now wc update become worst .
it actually act as a entertainer .
suck i cant open my wechat after update the new version it keep crash please fix it asap ill rate u 5 star if u fix this problem .
much fun .
good application .
can not play audio from watch when connect to bluetooth earphone .
wechat doesn't work at all since 2 day ago can't recieve or send message , moment won't update pls fix it asap .
i can't even download it so one star for me .
love it .
ive be try to download it but its always give me an error msg i dnt knw why .
can copy but cannot paste .
keep get kick out say unofficial version . whaatsup .
omfg worst app ever .
awesome app .
it's wow .
be there anyways i can delete my old account please .
love it .
where to find option to delete contact be it remove for good .
seriously i hate it annoy app and now i can't even delete my account , change number or do anything so annoy i hate it .
very good .
i cant look around people as it say ur location data be off where as it be already on .
ever since a few update month ago , i be not get any new sticker . be that deliberate .
test this app out maybe theyll show some crypt skill .
i send friend request and they be fail to be deliver . the request be send , but the receiver didn't get any notification whatsoever . fix it , please .
i love we chat .
love it .
awesome app , easy fast and smart . it would be perfect with music only function on moment . as a music lover , sometimes i want to hear all special music publish on moment . then it list with photo and all other stuff . need spend time to find every single music that they share . music only will bring more fan for sure and hope i can see it some day , have a fantastic day all .
lub it .
like it .
love it .
everytime i open the app , something wilk appear and say the app be on process and it close automaticaly please fix this .
hi . recently i be try login in other device . but after that i already delete my wechat account at the iphone . so i continue use my samsung note 3 , but i realize recently my wechat will auto log off . what be happen actually .
why my wechat cannot open .
once update to 6 . 2 , all my apps hang together , till now still can't open .
i love this app this app be too much great .
frist time use .
i start an offer of send sticker in group to get money but now it stop show my progress correctly . please fix it soon then i'll give 5 star .
to kill th tym its a good app .
very good .
i love this application .
everytime be good .
really good app . use it for many year .
nice app .
i love it .
this be the best app that i ever see .
one of the best in current time . always improve great job do wechat .
i like it because it help to do free chart .
the whatsapp voice chat be better than this . improve it .
it cam communicate from a far distance .
good experience with we chat .
too awesome .
i cant use people nearby app . why although i already activate my gps . plea fix this problem .
iowechat because this be my favor .
so , its ok fix and i'll give 5 star .
i hope i can getback my all chat , please fix it .
hi . my name in group be not appear . please help .
we chat be we chat it be very good app .
recently i can't open my wechat and i try to restart my phone several time but it still do not work . there be one last way which i didn't want to try and that way be to reinstall the app and i know do it will delete all my chat history . true enough my message weren't there anymore . today , i have encounter with the same problem again . i have be use this app for almost 3 year now and i really like this app . please try to fix this . thank you .
i love it .
thank you .
enjoy share with my family .
love it .
when look message rdy , still show me haven't look the message , then i still continue look . but the problem still have .
its awesome .
where's the pencil pilot n stop add more chinese game for goodness sake .
i'm suggest wechat to put year in the date of the status . its only have month and date . as its get confuse at what year do the status write . please consider this suggestion .
nice app .
i want to give it 5 star only i didn't give coz any text be not go to my friend . all message r come but i can't reply them please solve dat .
still at the stage of exploration , so i rat wechat a 4 star . the 5th star be for more improvement and so .
uh f2ffgvf it a cm f2f q that a cu i'd ft hitch it .
the app will force close shut down whenever i want to send a text after my update today . and the app seem a bite lag . pls fix it .
i would like to thank you for create this apps but a lot of effort must continuously be equal of user complaint . tq .
i like it .
it work really good , even international call .
how i want to delete close my wechat account .
cool app .
nice yoww .
this be very good app for any one .
love it .
work great .
sometime good for me .
open . and call .
i have be use your app since the launch of this app . it's horrible now , always crash and keep load and most of all it drain my battery out . i miss my daughter's recital because it always crash . the quality of the sit be very bad and blurry . please fix .
great to be around . v useful communication for most of us . tq .
how come people you delete and block can still message you it's so annoy fix it please .
please enable the front camera for sight .
i like .
always hard to add friend , always show request send , but eventually no answer and receive .
how can i make account my wechat can you help me . i be live saudi arab .
very nice .
it crash many time . i have uninstalled and install it for many time .
it's nice and i love it .
i wanna say i love wechat very much . my all the friend in contact wechat here . why i can't log in back my wechat account please help .
i really like wechat , which be better than qq . i like the green icon , i like the voice message . but recently i find the picture on moment be not as clear as original one , which let me down a little bite , cuz i couldn't easily let my friend see how beautiful the scenery be .
a super hungry for memory space app and be grow .
nice app .
nice apps .
i love this apps but when i use xperia z4 tablet , my wechat video call , it be always upside down regardless how i orientate it , portrait or landscape . it will be nice of wechat team to assist to rectify it .
wechat be a great app but it earse the old text message i have .
it stop respond in between .
i have give you so many time but no response , the print be too small , enlarge small like ant , samsung galaxy tab s 8 . 4 .
let me know when your apps aren't gay i hate this .
please fix it , thank .
i understand that but because there be no easy way to delete the account i cannot unlink my phone number because all my email address be link to other account and i have no idea what the id be . uninstalled again .
not bad .
wechat use up to much battery consumption , my phone battery go down to zero at a more faster rate .
short notice .
thank fix my problem before this . new ui doesn't really like it much .
not bad .
near by friend search be work poorly .
it have all the thing that i need and so far didn't find any issue .
i hope i can see if a contact be online and if my message be already see by recipient .
like all apps you should provide option to your user to delete his or her account if they be not interest . apart from this everything be ok . please try to concentrate on what i mention .
it's great app to connect to the world .
i like this application . akash .
not bad .
lols goodsuck lols .
let all be connect .
i will try my best for free videocall but i be fail to talk my friend . why i don't no . please . help me .
because me ask question cannot get answer . 2 be because me open wechat account then cannot delete or unsubcribe this wechat account . 3 be because me need to link my phone number then cannot link freely . then 4is because me unlink email also cannot unlink freely , why who be u wechat why me cannot do what i be do freely .
update then few sticker auto disappear and cant see sticker some1 send oso .
so nice use .
i have a few go on download it but a time it come up with error but i get it .
not bad but so poor .
can't upload picture or status after update and i can't start conversation if i start conversation it automatically close the app pls fix it and i'll give ur 5star .
so bad .
like it .
i couldn't receive friend message even wifi be on . no notification after i have put set in right mode . hate update which make my life hard fix it fast .
its ok .
i wish i didn't update wechat . i be very dissapointed . it become slower . it have new feature but the older vesion be much more convenient to use . i wish i could turn it back to the older version . kindly fix it .
hello there . hope u can fix this problem . i cant download this app , i dont know why . there have be 3days i try to download , but the result still the same . tq .
when chat with my friend it make me feel like they be a little closer to me yet they be so far away .
can't use people nearby feature on andromax c3 .
i like it .
its be the second time , whn i try to opn my wechat . it will auto close the app . last time i uninstall wechat and redownload again . i hope tht the problem can be fix .
i have install in 3 time and it say error and error i clear all my file just for this thing cuz i really need it . but it become trouble to me . why what wrong and my internet just fine .
it's fun .
fuck this apps .
love it .
when i want to send an image to my friend . it force close by itself and when i choose a folder and it be the same folder again . please fix it as soon as possible .
love wechat .
it's verry good . low cost .
keep in touch with your friend on we chat .
very nice .
complain server access failure when onavo extend be active this be the only app which do anything like this . chat come go fine though , some function don't work such as moment , qq contact translation . work with any other vpn include opera max anyhow . chat history isn't sync across device , i'm not complain about that though . thank you .
this app be so great , because it easier for us to make a call or be happy with friend when we felt bore .
i like it .
i love this .
the apps be great for contact friend , family , and others .
my front cam work in opposite position , that's so bad , please fix it .
lately i can't open my wechat and it get slow .
1year use this be ok no problem but now have a problem . when i open can't . i don't understand why cannot open . try open again it show moon but after that it come back to background my phone . why . if i install new after delete this i do not remember my password and id . how to do .
love u .
i love it but hank .
always fail to receive message . clear cache and reinstall it also same . lg nexus 4 android 5 . 1 . 1 .
this app very best .
wechat be so dead can't open my wechat on my samsung galaxy win if you won't fix this , i will uninstall this app for good . so please fix this immediately .
im not like this app .
enjoy with family an friend .
can communicate with my good friend around the world .
it's very good . but can delete only 50 message in one time . if can do more be better .
love it .
best way to find friend .
i download every week because wechat prob .
it's ok .
why the chat history with all my friend and group have miss fix this problem , wechat company and i will talk somemore with you now in wechat .
hi friend chat with me if you wanna give me more idea about any affair . i be interest to do anythng in this world .
because it so good .
this wechat be good .
i love this .
i have use this app , for the last few year to chat with my friend in another country , and it work great but now , since i finally decide to upgrade i wish i do not , and i wish i would have stick with my instinct it do not work why i'm sorry how i sound , and i'm be not just complain . please fix this soon please so i can talk to my friend , again .
like it .
can not download .
its stop work , can't install again .
good the wechat i love .
i love it very much .
definitely a top of the range chat application . with rich functionality build in . ui be easy to use and simple . with recent newly wifi feature add , i can migrate all my chat log to another phone easily just a bite slow though .
i want to have pc version .
i use wechat always . but after update this latest version . there be a problem that greet be not reach at people . please solve this issue team .
when i connect to facebook it keep fail to connect .
always not work .
good for group chat .
so slow , always need to update .
i just cannot download tis app . n i m get feed up wit it .
true network to bring long lose friendship back alive .
way too many thing to set up and no explanation of any of the setting's . i don't want other people to no my phone number but it be still there and when you try to remove it there be a msg about security or something . uninstalled .
why if i use video call in wechat i'm upsidedown only in wechat help to fix it i give you 5 star .
hi when i put my on go wechat call to back grind minimize , why its change to loudspeaker we shud able decide whether we want automatically turn it to loud speaker or not .
my wechat right now be not respond . i can't open it . why .
love it .
the wechat be huge program for chat .
after i update for my lolipop device , i can't look around anymore . please fix it .
it's great since you can reach ppl in other country's too .
cannot open . after new update .
quite good .
nice apps .
best way to communicate .
not good .
i can't change my whatsap status even i have save it .
i can't use my account .
finally i can reach my wife no matter where we both be in the world with family or on business .
i be force to use the 5 . 1 version then , pls update the app asap .
look around option be not available . thats the most want thing . be there any update version need to use for that .
cant even start the app . keep show the moon and then back to home screen .
img yes .
notification not work .
after update my wechat can not open please help me someone .
nice app to meet new people's .
love it .
i like this app once but not now . when i start discover that there be no option to change your phone number and its very troublesome to delete your old account when you change your number , my brain start process the consequence . i've find a way to delete wechat account in some of blog and i try that . it require me to uninstall the app to completely deletion of my account . the best part i cant reinstall it back even i have more than enough space . it continue to show insufficient space in your device .
when i see moment . and i tap the picture , it turn upward by itself . why in group chat , when i tap a picture and want to tap to see group chat again it exit the group chat by itself . one more thing , when i want to see sight it have to choose app from phone . before this it don't like this . please fix this .
luv it .
please give me download wechat . please . faster i want now .
life change app .
auto restore chat from device memory and why i can not send voice to my broadcast message .
good job .
my friend not reach 50 yet but i can't add people or send message to my friend anymore since update . keep error why .
if i could i would give this app no star that's how bad it be .
nice app .
you can't add contact at all , it suck .
can't load pic moment . fix this bug . s3 user .
very good .
awesome app .
many update and not able to view picture or video file send by friend .
love it .
my wife always angry when i log in wechat .
i'm onli download this app 4 my clash of clan gem lol .
i like very much because that any thing we do video call only call and chat these process be join with respect our relate people who live at far place and one thing we like most be one thing video call .
i love it .
mu mobile grand 2 galaxy not support open to any tab . wht f k it be .
really nyc app ever .
why when ever i change my wechat profile photo , it hang .
very cool .
i register my phone number the account be ban 20 minute later , because the app be identify as an unofficial version and would cause security problem . i initially download an authentic version from the chinese wechat website and second , from google play and these aren't official this doesn't make any sense . and the account recovery process be simply a dead end my account be identify non exist , and phone number , invalid i need a reasonable explanation solution from wechat .
wechat be a good social app . a good social app for all people .
fun sticker and good communication .
i be use htc desire 501 please fix sight cannot use .
i like it , get me in touch with some of my old friend . to chat from others place .
we should be give option to change wechat id as many time as we want . i be harass and i feel my privacy be at stake . pls make this an option or i will uninstall .
no option for nearby people .
may be good app for time pass and fun i love because girl be use wechat more .
i'm have a little trouble with the sight feature . one of my friend could sight with sound , but why my phone cannot . and yes , my wechat be update .
i want he become awesome app .
while i open the moment . n then chat receive . it will not respond . old wechat better than the update wechat .
i can't open this app today , then i uninstall n install again the fuck happen , shit .
i can save a lot of penny by use wechat .
i do like wechat for its voice call which do seem to work better than its counterpart in certain condition . however , while the speaker phone work really well on my tab , it work horribly on my s6 where the caller on the other end can barely hear what i'm say but work well in all other call apps . and there seem to be a glitch when you're go into folder when look for an image to send you click on one folder , but it go into totally different folder . please , add time stamp to message . also , allow us to change group icon dps .
love this app so much love this app so much wat be you wait for install it . hah .
it's best way too connect .
force close and very difficult to log in .
how to know that our friendlist be online . n make clear moment apps .
wtf . where be block option . i use to love this app . bt now it don't have any option like block or delete ppls r disturb me . and i can't even block them . m delete this ridiculous app forever . via this app idiot ppls r trouble me . stupid app ever .
wechat offer lot of offer for user . i be really like this .
how can .
smart way to connect .
i want to use this .
hop it work .
i have use this app , for the last few year to chat with my friend in another country , and it work great but now , since i finally decide to upgrade i wish i do not , and i wish i would have stick with my instinct it do not work why i'm sorry how i sound , and i'm be not just complain . please fix this soon please so i can talk to my friend , again .
very nice .
nice , great apps .
not able to send image or video or voice msg . so please improve it .
love it .
its work .
ilke this apps .
i cant post thing that i write very long , it say the content be too long , but thing that i wanna post be same as my friend . why they can post , i cant .
some sticker available in samsung note 2 but not available in samsung note 4 . what happen .
because every day i cant open my wechat . every time i want to login . i have be kick out . shit .
i like we chat i have samsung not 3 .
simply the best app for all generation work .
i like wechat , right with .
very good app .
when i open it take too long to open and say not correspond .
i have to uninstall install back to open my wechat . and then , after two week my wechat can't open again . please fix this . i'm beg you .
i rather use this app than facebook . keep it up . just dont be like facebook push people to download their app to break their phone .
can't open my wechat account not respond .
i think that we chat be better than whatsapp because we chat provide so many facility .
why i cant see picture and sight .
i do talk with my friend n i love it when you get to know .
near by search people option be not give in the app . so its very boaring .
this update and previous two update suck battery alot . i have notice this many time . now i have to forcequit this everytime to save my battery .
super application .
would recommend again .
i love this app its fun and its a great way to chat with your friend .
cool it be .
good apps .
asus fonepad7 fe171cg here . my face in video be so zoom in . my graphic be noisy . my voice in headset be not that loud and i cant use my bluetooth headset after the update . please fix .
why . i don't be dowload wechat but i love wechat . so sad .
love it .
please fix the whatsup cuz it cant be change .
i love wechat but sometimes it make me angry too because it doesn't work . please fix this soon .
like what the fish .
how to change my profile pic .
how do i deactivate my account please send me a reply here , it's irritate . why not fix this problem people should have the option to deactivate his her account .
this be comment .
it be nice to talk with friend .
it be an excellent app . nice .
why i cant download it .
i can't send voice message or receive a voice message from other .
i do it for a followbae thing .
why i cant open my wechat app . if i want open that , it will say wechat be not respond why .
pls let me know how other person use my identity . i have change it to new no .
good app .
i love it .
the picture cant open properly .
very good app , fast , funny thank guy .
asus fonepad7 fe171cg here . my face in video be so zoom in . my graphic be noisy . my voice in headset be not that loud and i cant use my bluetooth speaker after the update . please fix .
i give a 5 star to the message but guy keep message me and call me sexy .
can't open it after update , pls fix it and say i m not instal it .
awesome thank .
plis when we put a video we will be confuse , plis put the video button to send it and dont put the vid and image on the image butto .
hat wechat nowadays hardly update moment .
it very good but i cant shake my phone can you guy tell me im use android 2 . 3 . 4 and why be that and my phone be lg oldest model .
i want to send picture from my gallery and when i press send they don't even appear on the screen .
sometimes i cant change my what's up , i keep reinstall this app but it cant change either , why please fix it , i'll give u 5 star if you fix it up , thankyou .
good one i love to operate it .
i hope this wechat can be update tothe new version .
its ok .
why be that when i click the people nearby it doesn't function when i search it always say that i need to on my gps and i already try it many time but my location be can't be find heck it's annoy .
super useful .
every time i verify my account it always say wrong verification code so i just uninstall it .
always deactivate my account i don't know why .
dat all thank you .
cannot use voice lah pls make again .
i cant open the wechat lol .
i like it .
the best app ever .
like it .
i really love this app . i'm hapy .
love it .
i've use this app for around 3 year now , its the best im soical medium mobile app i have find .
i've be unable to get back to my pal ever since it kick me out . since then , whenever i try to open the app , it just kick me out . i don't even have access to my account . please , do something about it asap .
please help me i can't download wechat .
the option of people nearby be not avilable why .
very nc .
1st of all , why wechat keep tell me wechat be not respond and it's lag and i have to close and open it repeatedly until it work . 2nd of all , why do background wallpaper get blurry after i save it 3rd of all , why do video camera upside down during sight and there's no screen rotation . 4th of all , why all the photo and sight that people post on moment automatically save on my phone and it make my phone memory become full of junk and i don't need it please fix it immediately .
it become suck right now .
the most social network that i love well do .
a must have app .
i don't receive notification unless i actually open the app , which be really annoy . i've check all my setting on wechat and my phone , but nothing fix it .
worth app .
i love it security .
cant u imagine i have instal this app abt 3 time . after my old wechat have be update i cant get in trough it . plez get fix on it bcuz i have to chat with ma friend its urgent .
everytime i scroll my moment , it stucks . and i dont know why do the screen turn black so i need to uninstall it .
i use wechat daily . but recently after an update , i can't put some picture as my profile pic i can't change my bio . please fix this .
everytime im want to chnge my profile photo on zenfone5 from my gllery , it doesnt work . if i take photo use my camera it can proceed . please fix it , i will gv u 5 if u fix that .
hey everyone .
since the update wechat ni , wechat sometimes can not open , contact dkt set data clear that stone can reopen the sticker but you have to download back .
but cause too much storage .
it tell me that error while download this app . why .
wonderful communication tool .
i love wechat .
its a very good app for chat and voice chat .
wechat totally make me angry ugh you know what , i cant reload my moment and even not able to send a massage , so ive to reinstall this app . what's the problem actually .
crash on m .
i like this app .
it become worse n worse .
i really love it like it i love it .
love it but it auto log out .
great apps .
wechater 2 thumb up .
i love it .
why i can't to download it .
love it .
why always can t open .
what a social network oh i love the app 2much .
wchat be very good .
just put some application that see the other be online or not . it would be helpful then instead wait for a reply meanwhile do not know whether that person be read or online . do that , i will give 5 star .
happen everytime i want to post picture or change my pro pic .
love wechat very much .
love it .
very useless apps and bad sosial .
more improvement of your apps . so would be 5 star .
support you 5 . ok tq .
its good .
the best .
the video look great .
after update , i cannot open the apps . how can i fix it .
amaze app .
okay if so .
garbage ios design .
love it .
good luck .
it suck i didn't know why but when i log on and it log me out and try again you can't use it i advise not to download this app i suck .
many friend here nice lah .
i should be able to search for user from other location . the same repetitive people show up in the people nearby option . or there should be a way to block the people that you don't want to see whether you add them as a friend or not , so then new people that be nearby would then show up on the list . also when we post up picture in the photoblog there should be a clear option that indicate with each photo upload if you want to share the picture with the public or with friend only or keep private .
the best .
after latest update i have to uninstall and reinstall app and have lot of issue i would like resolve . since reinstall all my old chat have disappear . can't sync with my tablet . keep log me out . send request for help 6th june . to date , still no response shame as i really love this app . will have to go back to use viber .
kwe ore kelate .
i cant see any image of my contact .
but please add file send like word . excel . note and more file .
the app keep improve .
this app be not work . my friend tell me it be so great app but when i install it doesn't work please would you fix it .
li'll bite slow .
love it .
i just delete this app cause it make my phone slower than a snail . then i've try for so many time to install it again , but it turn to fail . i hate it , why be it go to be this way please fix it .
awesome app .
i like this app .
really awesome .
ok the .
love it .
you must like it's .
really col .
sometimes cant receive notification immediately .
it good coz we meet different ppl .
why i cant download it .
before im use it as smooth it can be but now im so embarrass coz app cant find my location so the people nearby feature be totally useless now , fix this please .
how to delete contact .
the most clear image .
the profile pic in the shake funtion be not load up . plz update it . else work competely fine .
profile pic not show . bug .
i love this app very much . but after i accidentally uninstall it i can't install it hope you can fix it for me .
when i want to send a picture it will ask me again resend the picture what the hall please fix it ok . i really like this apps but just the problem resend . please fix it .
what the hell be happending . i can't see my contact's or other contact's profile picture . fix this .
i can't delete friend .
love it .
the voice s clear and the vdeo s also clear . keep it up wechat team your give me a complet moment regard to my family spclly to my wife .
it's preety good but sometimes i cant open it . it say that wechat be not respond . so plaese change this part . thank you . add oil .
pless help me in thai apps .
it hang at the open then become unresponsive . please fix this .
wat have happen to wechat . after update i can't get in to it . nothing appear except the round world and the man . plz fix it up .
i dont have the drift bottle function .
i have use this app , for the last few year to chat with my friend in another country . and now , since i finally decide to upgrade i wish i do not , and i should have stick with my instinct it do not work why i'm sorry how i sound . please fix this soon so i can talk to my friend , again .
love it .
nice one .
i love wechat it make me can bring girl out n fuck her .
the best .
love it wao .
this app be cool . we can chat free .
like it .
i try to register but it wouldnt stop load . it keep go on for 20 minute until i give up . update i reinstall it now it work , but it shouldn't be like that .
best app .
i like it .
excellent app .
wtf why u close my acc the security be too much why my account block i just make an account for a minute ago . please fix this as soon as possible .
i love it .
easy way to chat .
photo and video load so slowly these day .
fix the bug . immediately .
see it by yourself .
i like wechat .
i can't log in my account . please fix this thing asap .
nice app for chat .
very simple . but very nice .
try it be interest . good social network .
when i press wechat they'll take century to load n continue with a man walk on earth . and end up fail . pls fix .
not bad .
love it .
good alternative to whatsapp . fast interface .
i like it .
but lack overall feel of smoothness . need polish all around .
how to download for laptop please anybody
i like it .
i instal now thank you so much .
wechat be a very good but whiy be low .
i cant unlink my phone number . please let me remove my phone number from stupid apps like this .
very easy to use .
after the update it say unable to load your location data . why be this .
please update last see .
improve . but still eat too much memory . redundancy .
just download wechat but the app be unable to load my location data . other apps on my phone display my location easily either by use wi fi , mobile network or gps to read my location . none of these mode seem to work with wechat .
i love it .
im use htc m8 . why i always get late notification . please do something .
i just hate it because the size be really big , idk if can fit it .
you never disappoint .
i suggest should allow save more than 150 emotion .
i love it .
after the latest update . my acc sometimes logout by itself why and sometimes we need to launch wechat to get a new message from friend . this be serious bug . fix asap .
wechat be fun .
always have the newest version . make life so much easier . thank you .
not bad .
its fun make everyone can keep in touch easily .
i dont like it .
i like this app , i don't love it though .
really very nice app . i want to get my old we chat contact that accidently i have delete .
its good .
could be beter .
emoji can move . creative and cute .
you're suck .
new version be too slow .
good servis .
i can't even sign up keep tell me try again later .
i try to register but it wouldnt stop load . it keep go on for 20 minute until i give up .
unable to load location .
keep on get the crash message very annoy uninstall .
i do like wechat for its voice call which do seem to work better than its counterpart in certain condition . however , while the speaker phone work really well on my tab , it work horribly on my s6 where the caller on the other end can barely hear what i'm say but work well in all other call apps . and there seem to be a glitch when you're go into folder when look for an image to send you click on one folder , but it go into totally different folder . please , fix . also , allow us to change group icon dps .
it help to see my frnds pic n can be able to chat good one .
after the newest update , image on wechat can not be save on to your phone or galaxy tab . before this update image be easily save to phone or tablet and even text message . this be redicously inconvenient when try to share image with people that do not have wechat . which be probably why wechat take away this feature so more people would sign up for wechat boo wechat for take away this useful feature need to find another app for this problem .
nice app .
it be fabulous .
so happy to chat with my frnds .
should also be accessible to those without mobile phone , or those who cant text .
it's better than fb messenger . we use everyday with my wife call each other in voice and video call for more than a year . i love wechat .
lollipop material design .
why pls . tell me why . hey we chat your bitch .
i like wechat .
on a samsung s4 there be no notification of message . can wchat place notification such as li fb , etc .
very good .
when i be not even use this app it have establish 29 live tcp connection on the internet . this be seriously flaw and bad . i will no longer be use this app and i will discourage its use at my university . when i be asleep last night this app be online and transmit data for over 4 hour and my battery be deplete by 35 percent , please don't tell me it be benign .
i really disappoint because this app suddenly do not work well on my phone . why always not respond . bad apps .
unable to download picture from before . please fix asap .
some how ok . but you can do better than that .
i like to use we chat . it's a nice social app for make friend from around the world .
i can speed download .
it save the phone balance . no need inter nationnal call . feel like in home .
its good but why this app always lag .
from exo l wu yifan and kyungsoo .
i love this chat game .
great app .
wechat be a must for me . as i work with international student . it's very helpful . however it need better block feature . i hate how people can add you and yet you can't block them if they become annoy or harass you . the majority of the people on there be male be on there for sexual encounter and just to harass other woman . its like wechat be become a place for street harassment prostitution search , but the online type . please implement better block feature .
super app .
i m use 3 year its good i'm love it better ever social network .
it be very nice app but in this app a fraud person also can hack us or blackmail us . i didn't want to say that don't download . you can download it but be careful .
so good .
like it .
i like this application but for video call need high light . more best from other video call application .
i want to use this .
very good app .
work on voic reach late to caller .
the speaker of the phone automatically turn on after few minute .
this application make me easy to contact my friend .
very good .
this app be okay but it's a bite slow . this app can improve it speed . that's all , thank youu .
i unable to view photo in moment or friend share after update latest version .
how to share music on wechat moment . plz show me .
in love wit it .
would be very good if it show last see time just like in other app .
photo from we chat be not display clearly . only a corner of photo be display and on zoom also photo zoom only a bite and then go back on remove finger . nexus 5 , 5 . 1 . 1 .
unlike with skype , call just work and don't disconnect while you're talk assume you have a connection . the design be pretty dull and loose out to most alternative apps . i'm set 1 star because it suddenly wouldn't start , just show globe and quit . nothing similar have happen with another app . on top of that when i reinstall it ignore the user folder so even though pic and supposedly chat be in there , it's not read by the app so it's all empty in chat inside wechat after reinstall . awful .
very good .
nice apps cool to some people who be awesome .
but i cant use to differents people . not helpfull to me . but i give 5 .
be there a way to deactivate the welcome screen , the one with the moon it take 1 2 second and i feel that it's pretty useless .
i like its .
there be time that i everytime i get in to the application , it get error . so i have to uninstall it then download again . pls fix it .
kindly update the last active feature . bcz many of then have uninstall this app .
i cant need someone with wechat .
better apps better quality messege send easy all easy .
it be very good and fabulous app .
its ok . less friend to chat .
make wechat more faster to send msg on slow internet speed . take long time to be send .
love this app .
why i keep in wechat , but it always flash out please help me .
i love it .
nice one .
i have update ver 6 . 2 but still same my wechat .
love the app .
i like it .
my moment doesn't update the new status or anyone else status . please fix it .
keep restart apps when i use .
halo , your font size too lousy after update .
why be it so hard for u guy to create an option to clear all moment update . its be a while since i wait . create an option to clear all moment update . please . there be to many for me to delete one by one .
can't find the search people nearby . suck it .
please give wechat like a whatapps function chat online , offline and last see .
this apps be very helpfull . awesome .
superb app .
i like .
u don't get notification unless the apps be run all the time .
very good .
love it .
i'd like to go back to the previous version . i cant believe the font size be a lot smaller why you've get to be kid me .
i like this application bcoz we can talk my family very clear congrats .
hate this app with its lack of privacy . numerous issue on android as well . it need an account deletion option imperatively severely . hurry up we chat team .
i can download this but i have many mb for this why pls help me .
why i must install it every two day it just like s you know .
love it .
whats wrong .
i hate this app .
superbly maintain .
lovely app .
to me it's okay not really a big deal .
i love this app , the anumations be awsome .
love it .
not support on 2g network or gprs .
all i get be people who just want sex .
good but the voice video call quality be lower .
please fix it .
not bad .
all my friend chat it's lose after i update , why i also cannot see my moment suck i be so sad . i lose every thing when i update .
this be the 3rd time i uninstall and re install this app . since aug 2014 . reason be after update the so call latest version aug 2014 , the app exist automatically within 6 second . i can't even make report to the wechat group at all . i saw a few review here , wechat group do reply . but unfortunately or maybe , they don't see mine as a case . should i say bad app i think not really but i should say bad service from wechat group .
my wechat cannot open . when click on the icon keep pop to the main screen .
hello every one i choise wechat . coz i like it .
latest update do not sync msg anymore , sometimes chat be delay for 12 hour and randomly show up from no where .
best ever .
love it .
very good .
chat lang every day .
not really bad actually .
i love this app .
like it .
i have send several mail msg , on how to permanently deactivate account from wechat . but , no response even after a month . worst ap .
need it .
good but need to download quocker .
be ok .
i like it its just if someone hite voice call when you're video call you cant get back to the video call you have to hang up and call them back .
improve on the video call . sharp quality of the video and audio .
good application .
video call .
because the one and only important issue be that how we will know that the reader read my massage or not please include deliver option in the chat . and then i will give 5 star .
the only one of the most popular social network apps .
way above the average .
good for all type of people .
i love wechat cause i can text people and it send little cute animal that move .
messenger be good .
not as smooth and need to have a front camera sight .
app wechat it be easy for another people to use . i love it , can chat with everyone .
we need the pure android design . the old version be better , because that be pure android design . stop copy ios , because here be android what we need be material design .
best app .
i just want to try this app .
no more worry connect to our love one's because we chat help a lot . thank to we chat .
why the photo hvnt show which year it post from .
it help me a lot .
good app .
people nearby option be not work . even after enable gps , wifi and mobile data . become a useless app .
search option doesn't work .
i would give 5 star if we can upload a video , 1 minute video be okay .
if group can use the video call , i'll give 5 star .
not good as whatss app slow .
the safety factor be particularly pornography .
pls fix it why always unable to download image .
its not good if only about sticker . i like feature find people nearby i have many friend but it must be more radius and maybe from user enable radius then 5 star .
hi teamwechat i send a couple of email to your support team regard about my request of account cancellation . seem like there no reply from your team . ive be receive message from unknown people . please help me . i really need your team to delete my account permenantly . so i can still keep in touch with my other friend . thank you . hope you will reply my review and my email .
its great .
it always close down unfortunately .
please save .
i like it .
good app .
ugh its always not respond and then if it happen , i'll uninstall it and install it again so all my chat history be go ugh please fix this .
stupid i couldnt find unfriend button so i just uninstall this stupid apps . the old version be better and easier new version totally stupid .
we chat i love it .
like it .
wechat sometime can release a lot of tension .
not bad .
no connection sometimes .
pls update , no notification now , thank .
i like it so much as it have video call .
best app .
like it .
it be very nice i love it .
it seem like after i update to the new version , i cannot open wechat at all . it only show the open picture but then it stick there like forever . how can i fix it thank you .
good app .
sh t la u dude . u ask me to update wechat . than what happen la . cannot open at all . if la i cn rate u zero star . aiish .
i like this app it easily for me to connect some of my friend and it make fun groupie chat . thnx .
wish could change id . just for once .
good app but need to download the sticker for every other person can u plz fix it .
please give me download wechat . please .
i be every time instal sticker but my sticker be not available for more time and sticker will be dissappear automatically .
why cant download .
please add the old option like throw bottle and near by .
now the wechat always stop while i want post the pictr and change my profile pictr . sad .
so good .
when i want to upload picture or change my profile , it be forcely close it piss me of .
esy to get frends on it from around the world .
gud app . but connection to server be very bad .
please add chat history transfer function , otherwise really good .
why the f i can not manage its permission in my setting .
can't receive notification . im use asus zenfone2 and i can only read my message when i open the app . pls fix the problem . thank you .
really very nice app . i want to get my old we chat contact that accidently i have delete .
cant be open .
get rid of the cheesy splash screen .
thank you wechat . but can u extend the sight to at least 20seconds hehe . but overall be ok .
even if there be an age limit i could not find it the people i talk to be half my age .
this app be too large about 30 mb .
it just logout automatically and all my chat lose . can wechat fix this problem asap .
its really cool .
good apps .
hi . team wechat . i wish to delete my account permenantly . how do i do that .
cnnot update . error download . why . no good .
love it .
connect people all over the world .
keep up the good work .
i like this application .
this app be so awesome .
i hope you will put in the setting the last see . so the user will know if his or her friend be online or not .
doesn't event load on my nexus 5 . crash immediately as i start it .
how to mp3 with moment .
very cool .
nice app , easy to use it's free .
not good .
it shutdown itself .
we chat team . what d fuck you be do from long time . not a single service you be provide satisfactory . seriously you be do time pass in d market . your service be outdated come up with something useful and new service .
i can't send photo on moment all the time and i also can't load others photo .
the word need to be bigger and there should be more space for customize sticker .
it take too much installation space near about 150 which very much high as compare to other im .
thank to wechat .
why my version have no update for new sticker .
help me i always get the massage say that i be login wechat with non official version . i don't know what to do they will block me .
would have give 5 star . if can make out that the mesge send to some one . we can get that he have read it or not over all very good app .
m use wc it be good .
lately , peoplle nearby function do not work on my device .
so good .
however there be many fake account .
the worst app in the world . not even 1 safe . not safe n not secure . specially for girl . n for boy itz just a game for flurt .
so , so cool .
it be slow but cool .
no last see status or online offline status like whatsapp . it be really hard to know whether the other side user be active or not . introduce the facility and i will give full 5 star rat . also video call do not work and call echo be common in voice call .
not download .
nice talk with friend .
i use this app to communicate with friend family around the world and it's simply wonderful yes , it can be a tad jumpy from time to time , but i've try them all they all do that periodically . but for one to one or group chat . even texting , this app be the best .
love it .
can chat news friend .
i absolutely love this app , and i need it to talk to my best friend . but some time the message we send each other don't go through all the way . they don't show up until we manually go into the messenger and refresh it . it have to be a glitch please fix .
why my wechat can not open , always out and say unfortunately , wechat have stop .
great app .
ver 6 . 2 crash when choose photo so i can't post a damn thing . note 3 on android 4 . 4 .
nice apps to meet other people all over the world .
when i use the basic internet my wechat so slow and always jamm .
love it .
video full length not support for send . fix this problem .
fast n lovely .
why wechat cannot delete friend anymore .
when i try it go back to home .
great app .
thts not to bad this apps .
nice . shouldn't .
your friend don't know if you receive the message and vise versa . at least give the user a choice to opt in or out on verification of receive message . don't decide for them . i contact support regard this and be ignore . we be encourage to submit feedback and for what .
i like .
my mobile not download any apps please help me only land .
new version 6 . 2 we chat can't play music in post wall . pls check n fix it . thx .
wechat be the only app i have be use since long but now it's turn to the only app i feel like delete . it barely respond . i have to uninstall and install it back to make it work . why would be glad if you fix it right away , lose my patience here . thank you .
never really have problem w it before . just occasionally glitch or freeze but restart the phone always help .
it's great .
i love it .
stick at moon scene and cannot enter reinstall it yesterday and can enter yesterday but today same thing happen stick at moon scene again .
when every time i tap to open my wechat it directly go back . please fix this problem asap .
nice chat .
my account currently have stop . please fix it as soon as possible .
not upto the mark .
take way too much memory space in storage miscellaneous file . please fix .
can we connect to facebook .
i like it .
its slow n useless .
nice application .
love this app . useable to me and to my child .
i like .
i love it .
the best . lol .
love it .
faltu app . unknown people trouble you a lot and you can't block them permanently . notification still come . third class app .
my msg didnt deliver and i cant see sight message after latest update .
always hack be nice for once .
use wc on another device doesn't preserve my chat history information i send . i can see other person's chat only .
love it .
what be the verification code .
recently ive have to re install it twice because it fail to open . id advise get whatsapp sykpe or kik messanger .
i can't load anything . chat won't come in . moment can't be load . have uninstall n re install several time and keep havineg the same problem . please fix this .
can't find the photo in the album , i have save them in after the latest update , fix immediately pls .
its good .
wechat close automatically itself . why i can't even use it . sad pls fix then i will rate for 5 star .
this app take me easy for chat with my friend . but pls fix for audio quality voice call .
nice app .
well . its good but not for overall .
i like it .
i love it .
recently update be really very bad . i'm unable see my mobile contact since i update . hope you can fix it .
please fix the lag issue thank you .
i love we chat .
i like this .
we chat be one of the most popular chat and call software .
unable to install in my lenovo a369i , keep prompt unknown error code during application install 24 nope . still not able to install even though i have format and reset it to factory set . still unable to install it .
i like wechat .
wonderful titty everywhere .
why cannot to download .
its not log on my nexus 6 .
next update should be a game changer must rebuild a new ui bore with the convenctional ui .
i really love this app .
very easy to navigate .
more convenient for communication with my client also make my communication with my team more effectively .
awesome app .
i think its cool , so i try it .
the screen doesn't auto turn off by use sensor when on voice call . backup progress can't resume probably when return from other apps . also a powerful battery eater which consume more battery then screen although i be not open it .
there be a wechat wallet for chinese ver so you can link with you bank account , do we get the same feauture in english version .
its nice place to spend time .
with mama .
cant see th capture button of sight feature when in on chat . pls fix it . sight feature for moment be ok but not in chat . samsung 19082 .
i do like wechat for its voice call which do seem to work better than its counterpart in certain condition . there seem to be a glitch when you're go into folder when look for an image to send you click on one folder , but it go into totally different folder . please , fix . also , allow us to change group's icon dp .
i've be use this app eversince and its really great .
im use asus fonepad me372g . wechat have stop work for the last 24hours . ping the server , seem like no response . please fix this , asap .
something wrong with people nearby .
galaxy s5 .
i can't open my wechat after update it . i really need my wechat please fix this .
i love it .
msg deliver msg read report not come . so i don't know msg deliver or not , . msg read or not . pls change this like whatsapp hike massenger apps .
i have this problem with my friend . my friend and i video chat but the volume be too soft can't hear sometime need to put our ear to the phone . seem like be after the last update this happen hope you guy can fix it .
wechat love you , the best chat client and get more better . keep the best service all time .
nothing to say just wanna give 5 star .
there need to be pineapple and dc superhero sticker .
love it .
hop to delete old account .
good app work well .
near by friend option not available for yurekha mobile alone in wechat .
when we download it be not work .
try it and enj0y with frenz , familyz . i like it . muah .
it suck it's so confuse and it's trash .
the finnest .
easy for me get more friend .
after im do update my wechat , then itry open but cant .
i love it . the best app ever .
i can not install my wechat . why .
take way too much memory space in storag miscellaneous file . please fix .
i meet new good friend .
nice . i like it . only this my moment i don't know how to explain .
it use to be good . the diversity in use different emoticon in differen my region isn't something good . from some time i usually get notofies whenever wechat choose to . this have be go on since some later android version .
its a nice app yo .
so good .
just like an idiot box this app be an bokachoda .
wechat always hang on my phone .
worst app .
gud app .
it's cool .
i wish it will open fast . its too heavy and lag easily . most of the time its ask to force close when i open it . uninstall and install it back . still no change .
love it .
please let us change the wechat id .
freshelly instal from google play version work only once . i get error message say i be use unofficial version . and my account have be block . probably it be design to work only in chinese environment . to be avoid .
why i cant open my wechat when i open it . my phone will shut down .
it would be awesome if there's a sticker backup , all the sticker be go whenever i factory reset my phone , i hope wechat team will consider to add sticker backup function in the next update .
chef cook .
this be the best .
i be not able to use people nearby option . itz not work though my gps be on . itz just keep say go back and try again i do it as well as i log out several time to use that . but couldn't again , where be the radar .
love this app .
hi lovely wechat .
awesome apps .
its col app super col i say easy to use easy to communicate with friend .
hi . i need some help for my we chat . i can open my we chat . it always crash whenever i open it . i already do everything i could . uninstall it . clear every data in it . even erase and reset all my data . please help . im use asus fonepad 7 .
like it .
i hate it when i have to wait all day long by just watch the boy with the earth . please make it faster for me . it be waste my time in wait for it like a shit . and waste my da for reinstall it .
wish you could add more custom sticker , not just at the limit of 150 . i have load .
love it .
i love it .
i like this app .
nice . it can make us easy to communicate with other .
this be a fake aap .
i love it .
very good .
love it .
my friend account have be hack and she ask me to help her . her account be hack and the person who hack her account have change the password .
love this app .
i hope wechat will have delete all post moment .
so fun and easy to use .
with my chinese friend .
nice app .
why do shake feature keep show no result find i ask wechat for answer they be not interest surprise suprise .
its good .
wechat unstalling .
i use galaxy ace . and i have download wechat for many time and it be still unsuccessful . please fix this .
i hat them when they unfriend me but i cant see it .
so good to see you there be anything you want to be able to make a difference in tough time and let me know if you be look for a while to get your free time to get the best way for the use of this message to appear in the future of this message .
plz dont download this app . its worst app ever see , .
the best wechat blh cari bf gf .
good app .
i love it so much that you can talk to your friend and family .
nobody reply of any msg and greet no more option to make new freinds or go to date , what shoul i do anybody tell me .
guy its a nyc nd cute app only video chat in this be gud n with new sticker .
. suggest to improve show status of message be read . thank .
why i cnt install wechat with my galaxy . please fix that dear .
we chat be really a good app .
half a month have pass . still can't run on m . too many shady backdoor get block by m .
why i can't login to my wechat i remember my password . but it wont let me login to my wechat . it keep say unable to login 5 , 1 . i reinstall , the problem still the same . i reset my password at my email . and nothing change . unable to login 5 , 1 . pls help me .
nice app for chaating and earn for all user .
loveley this app .
i like it . but the line be so slow .
apps provide exllent service in start but after download some apps its felt and provide bad service .
hi eddy , seem to be very familiar with ur situation . my account also invisible few day ago , write message to wechat team but only receive auto reply from their system . not sure when they take action look into it on my question . fell hopeless .
i like this game that maybe you don't but maybe we can chat with each other .
i have face invisible for my search arround function i have send sevaral massage email to wechat team but unfortunately 1 month later , problem still there no message reply from the team .
love wechat .
good creative .
easy to chat with .
something wrong with ths version cant locate my location i be use my galaxy grand 2 .
i cannot sew photo at my moment .
sometimes this apps freeze , look forward to have a good improvment .
great i like this app after update .
this app be what u don't wanna miss cox if u don't have we chat u get to and now .
it's awesome .
great app .
i get hook on it while live in china . now , all be base belong to us .
it's the best of the best .
why my sticker all go , how to get back .
its really true talk its very good .
app be fantstic .
almost as good as facetime .
it so fun and know about new .
good communication .
after update new version , too lag and keep force close , please fix it , i really like this app .
yea it connect people . but who doesn't .
goltens saudi .
cool however need more improvement like it's very slow to use .
i suggest to change the name to we shake , shake make this app unbelievable amaze .
can't add people . why .
couldnt install .
great apps keep up d great work . i wonder why i need a qq account to back up my all wechat data .
use too much memory storage .
. no comment .
it keep load , itsucks .
video call .
it be nice . but still need a little update . such as , last online and see the message .
we chat .
now i hate wechat . wechat be the most app that terrible ever . after the all update you guy become suck . sorry to say . i'm quite angry with your perfomance . that's why all my friend be uninstall this app .
i love we chat before but since the new update it always log me out . and when i want to find my picture it mess up i have to search other title in my gallery .
when i log in for my game it suddenly terminate my internet connection and i end up fail to log in .
this app have be the nighmare of my life . i think it would be a good way to communicate with people on linkedin but disovered that i need the space for something else . now i have wechat and its code on my profile and i can't remove it . i have contact wechat support several time over the past month but no response from them . i guess they be ignore me . i have it with wechat and will not recommend this app unless you want it for the rest of your profile's life .
the bah .
i have download it . but it cannot be instal .
its ok .
good 5 star .
love be life .
well its alright . but not really enjoy it as i think it would be .
lately , wechat make it very difficult to send photo . success rate be typically around 5 . almost all fail , despite repeat resend . i try other apps , speedtest , and other internet data just to be sure it's not my internet problem . only wechat be exhibit this inability to send photo . chat and voice message be still perfectly fine .
good app .
love this app , but can add another feature show the time of every message n add the see or unseen notification that would make it more better .
so cool .
em nice , but i cannot save my what's up .
thumb up .
i wish i can delete all my moment easily .
best game ever for chat .
doesn't receive message until i open the app sometimes . please fix sticker . some sticker just disappear and i have to reinstall them to get them back .
its fyn bt nothing atrctive in it . i stll luv whtsapp fr its simplicity . wecht be vry complicted with a lot of sting . bt yes i u wna fnd new frnds near ur house den the shake feature be rely good .
i can't send the picture into my chat room , its always fail and fail .
my wechat be miss again . please help me .
and i send a help request , there be no reply .
cool i cant chat with my old friend and i cant have a new friend .
so far so good .
connect people .
i love it , for its friendly user interface .
very helpful .
very useful .
message doesn't need you to type someone el name . you can just talk to people . or hangout . its just like message but its much cooler . you should check out hangout . its awesome .
pls i want play wechat but it keep crash .
close suddenly when i want to post something or photo at moment it be a rubbish if doesn't fix it pls fix it faster .
this be good .
i love it .
i just erase my phone and i forget to backup my chat history . and i recommend that you to always backup all set and chat history every hour that i never though you .
i love it .
a very friendly app it connect's people everywhere .
unlike tencent's other and terrible platform qq , you cannot login simultaneously from multiple device , and do not save your password after you log out . so always have to type in password when change device .
it have . get very poor vedeo call quality and connectivity . i have a very strong internet but on this voice and video get distort when i be . in video call .
heavy app whatsapp more better .
drift bottle option be not available in my phone . pls reply fastly . im wait . my phone be gt i8262 .
i be sure it be gonna be great .
great application .
unfortunely . wechat have be stop . problem .
always crash me when i be try to send image .
bad app .
its okay .
it be not work now .
please work on the people nearby option , every time i want to use it , it say my location can't be find and i must try again . bladdy nonsense .
we chat provide me with invalid coupon . u we chat must replace them with valid one .
i've miss my wechat really awesome app .
awesome ness .
love it .
i don't knw hw to delete this account nd i hate this app .
good app .
please fix the search error problem . i be connect to wifi and it's still say search error .
i want delete my wechat how to delete it .
i really love this app's for me to meet new people .
shake feature not work and the app collapse frequently .
happy with it .
i be in china . i have link my chinese bank account to wallet . every time i wanna book movie ticket with in china , or top up or anything within china it say the system be under update , pls try again later i have try to msg we chat team it only say thank you for ur feedback but it do not give any solution . i think i could use wallet as it give lot of option to use but in return get disappoint . pls help .
good app .
i would give full star and i like it but the new update sometimes stick and have to uninstall n install again then , that the only way it can re open .
wechat consume a lot of phone's internal memory . please update this app with lesser memory size .
occasionally crash . the app can't display the last character of every message i send ever after update to ver 6 . 2 . a really weird bug .
can someone please check why this app suddenly stop work in my tab . it use to be okay and then boom .
please fix it .
whenever i start the application i have to sign in again and again . it use lot of ram and very slow as compare to other message apps .
it be very easy to send . all in one .
the verification process when change the device be pathetic . first u present picture and ask to identify , where i cant see my friend at all . be this some kind of joke , u fcuking moron then sms verification , by the time ur sms reach the verification page expire . u moron , should know . there be others who be bigger and better . u ppl arent worth try after 24 hrs of lock out period .
cool app it have give free talktime .
amaze app .
very perfect on network .
what do anyone need this for . stupid .
so nice .
i can't use vedio call or voice call in this new version what happen to this app please find it and clear it because it's very much help full . again vedio call in wechat be not work wat be happen no idea please help . yu give update after update the video call be not get do the need full as soon as possible please .
no good why i want install wechat . i can't fail in the default install location what be that mean .
very good .
always fail to upload phone after select . very poor and upset about this .
the video and voice call be good also the message .
wechat be a fine app until the latest version that come out in june 3rd , 2015 . the app keep restart randomly and i be unable to send image without the app crash and restart . it have become unusable . please help .
the app crash and can't start .
amazingly easy cross cultural communication platform .
lately be receive msg late . like receive a msg several hour later .
best app ever .
plz can organizied my device .
good app .
very good application tnks we chat .
nice one excellent apps .
every time my phone hang when it be on call .
well , i have already give 5 star but what if i want to give six the only lack be that i want the moment to have notification like other social apps too .
political discrimination .
i love this app .
i like this app .
love it .
tq wechat . we all support you muah .
its creat so many problem during reinstall and always show unknownerror 24 during application .
it's cool .
it let you chat to your friend .
thnk you for free apps .
every two week once ask update so that i loss my date traffic .
this be a good idea for your life .
i try to download these app but it late . what wrong .
there something wrong with the wechat , when i shake to look up the people it say no result find . just happen few hour ago , before that it be fine .
please dont let anyone save profile photo . they can view only . picture on moment too .
we all need it some time . seriously . please include this on the next update . thank you .
love it .
i love we chat .
just like to use it to chat with my wife and friend .
it keep on crash when i be select image . this be really annoy . please fix it .
its be a hot software .
add something like whatapps to see the people who you message have see your message or not .
since update people nearby option seldomly work .
love it .
the best .
please . i want post a song . teach me or do something else . as fast as lightning . beg .
really help .
awesome a helper she even if you don't have credit thing this be an awesome app .
i love it .
why my phone can not make the sight .
why in shake always say no search find tell me what to do i reset , clear sachet ive already do but nothing happen .
it will be better if add time see by the reader when message .
it be perfect for me i can video chat my tia in california and my cusins and my tio thank you we chat .
its ok .
my iphone 4 free voice call so small but it be good .
love it .
love it .
i'd instal and uninstalled we chat a couple of time but i don't see a people nearby option in my phone . i'm use an htc 816g . please fix this . thank you .
way too much access require for an app like this . able to add new icon on already lock down page where no other apps could . dodgy .
i like .
sight cant save to phone .
app crash when i try to upload any photo . useless .
there be problem in my vcht like send pic be not work properly . fix this man .
wow this be too nice i love it .
i can chat with my friend and other .
this app be good for me .
always crash for unknown reason . for new one .
why u remove people near by for new user .
good for contact all people .
hate it please fix .
i put my number they say invalid number .
every three month , or four month , i always reset my tablet and never once wechat crash . now , whenever i try to open wechat , it close immediately , please fix .
i love this app but recently when i try to view some old photo in a conversation , it always show unable to download image . be there any possible fix to this thank in advance .
i install this so that i can message and chat my friend in other country . thank you for this application .
very good .
i think wechat no need use wifi be better .
thank for make this application sosial .
guy plz add some small thing like see , other person be tie and some other like that tnx app be great .
ee app download chesthe 50rs vestundi .
its so much fun . i meet a lot of friend . thank .
nice app .
after i update this i cant open it anymore . it say wechat be not respond . please fix it .
this app be amaze , but it's so heavy for my phone . any other message apps run smoothly on my device , but wechat be very slow . i can barely send or receive message .
get sucky account can't delete anymore plus very slow to refresh hour b4 can see moment update and profile pic change .
it's a nice app but it take very long to log in like very long and i'm get pretty annoy with it . pls , fix it thnx .
very nice .
be happy .
but always hang when my group wechat chat more than 100 .
the best way to chat .
very nice .
it's need to be make permanently online .
always reset auto reset my wechat , and all my chat be lose so disappoint lar pls inprove it .
the app be okay until thr latest update . crash and can't open it anymore .
i can't log in my wechat . i have try again and again and again but still don't have any response . i really hate this update . i hate you all . i don't want to uninstall then install back cause i know if i do that , i get lose all my conversation with my friend . for today be the 3 week i can't log into my wechat . what happen it be cause your stupid update fuck tou your mom , your dad , your granda , and to all you fuck off .
malfunction . and it very slow please uninstall or disable function block .
nice app .
when i use android device to video chat with iphone device , the sound be not clearly and couldn't hear clearly . hopefully , you guy fix that problem as soon as possible , thank .
its one of the best apps .
so good application really help .
what be the problem always force close and lag , please fix .
love it .
great work by team i hope next update will be know user be online or not thank .
can't change what's up .
why i can't change a nickname please help to fix it , thank .
when can we extract video from moment and increase the file size for video post in moment .
why can't update .
good but .
work great .
i cannot open my wechat . ive be wait all day for my wechat to open .
add it . then it'll be perfect .
so bad . cant find lock around ppl . and also cant add friend . i can see ppl . but ppl cant . see me . why . pls fix it . many week also cant . pls fix . thx .
so bad . cant find lock around ppl . and also cant add friend . pls fix it . many week also cant . pls fix . thx .
while i open wechat wil jump out stil cannt open now im worry my history chat will lose .
it easy to find a girlfriend and but it also hard to find friend except when we promotee .
i can't log in my wechat . it's take so much time when i try to log in and i can't send any message to my frien d . really hate this apps , whatsapp be better then wechat , fuck off you all .
i love this app .
i can't open my wechat after update to new version . hope admin lookup to my problem .
just wish you can see when in an active conversation , when the other person be type . make for better flow and understand .
nice to use it .
nice app work perfectly . use it since may 15 .
i try for recover my restrict we chat account . first time i be able to but from second time i be always get an error say phone number be not available , pleaae try a new . why i be get this my phone num be valid .
but why i can't make a video call please fix it ok .
like it .
best app for communication .
i cannot log in other user account in lollipop .
i love it .
love it .
fun and simple .
love it .
very easy for social .
this app be awesome and amaze find a new friend , share a moment with a friend , a free voice and video call , fast faster and fastest app .
love it be a really good app .
nice app .
i'd instal and uninstalled we chat a couple of time but i don't see a people nearby option in my phone . i'm use an htc 816g . please fix this . thank you .
hey r d . i always want to post a song at wechat moment . but have to use other apps like duomi and qqmusic . sometimes that apps doesnt have the song that i want . could u do something about that . make it easier to post with song that already in the phone . that would be nice .
error download wechat .
awesome app .
this be good .
i hope the app could have the option to select chat that people want to clear history for , not clear everything .
im realy don't like this app .
i can't open my we chat account . when i'm log in , a message will pop out that say my account be block . it be do 2x already . and you can only recover your account once per number . how about us student who don't have other cp number please fix it .
i like this .
the only thing i hate be call tone it's too loud in headphone even in low volume . and i hate the call tone . and when you disconnect a call it make a beep sound which be too loud nearly burst my ear everytime i disconnect .
it's log out automatically . and can't even log in by password , and log in wif password be the only way to my account . pls solve the problem . i really need my we chat .
its the best app .
do not work proprly .
it crash on android m .
please fix it . because my video sight cannot be play .
angst memberikesan .
just love it .
blind love .
myself rishi .
great app .
i can't open my we chat application . what shall i have do really bore without this application .
take too much space .
can't detect the photo album after update . please fix it asap .
but it doesn't work on my new samsung tab 4 8 . 4 bronze titanium tablet . when will you make a tablet version tencent .
can we just put a simple line on the moment without a pic .
i get an issue with this apps . few day past until now , i still can't open this application . i stick at the main home page . before this i rate this app to 5stars . really dissapointed can you help me fix this problem asap .
at first i really love the app bcoz it consume lesser data usage than any other message apps . but not until this past few day . i cant send photo nor can i add some of my friend request . i cant even migrate chat message to my other phone . please fix this . thank .
galaxy note edge single image initial transfer will fail to transfer failure rate 100 . need second attempt always . video call break , audio come out of earpiece , even when switch camera . previously , during video call , if transfer of image file attempt , audio switch to earpiece . need to use headphone for both these issue .
no explanation .
can's change my moment background picture , and when i try to select some pic from specific gallary , it's just jump out off with no sense and of course i be fail to post photoes or change background . the latest verson seem not stable yet . it's still need many test run and bug fix then to be release to the public .
hi please update front camera software for video call . i use lg g4 in a room my face like a dead people without blood , fright .
heavy apps n full bullshit .
when i open the app its show only blank screen plss fix it .
i enjoy this . always .
very good app .
crash . cant send voice message . phone stick half way .
love it .
every time new update be available , i find it hard to use like normal . last time , it keep log out by it self and this time , i can't even launch it . get bore with this app and maybe , just maybe , will stop use it soon .
i like it . its amaze .
would you like to solve notification alert everytime after half an hour just receive message .
i hope this app can upgrape software .
super feature .
my . ind .
i love it .
that be very good .
love game .
this wechat so good .
mcm teda .
i lov this its good for my sosial .
keep it up add more feature .
i even can't open it . always lag and not respond . please fix it asap .
i think its good .
update the new version look nice but lag too lag pls fix this .
it's awesome , i'm crazy about you . can't leave without it .
yes i love this but here some bug in sometimes i haven't receive the message other person send me already especially when i'm travel oversea hopefully to fix it and i do love it indeed .
i love wechat , it help me keep in touch with my friend and the update look cool .
great sosial application . rat up .
the best chat for all app .
thumb up .
we chat .
yay i get to talk on the phone every day with my dad while he's in china with this app , awesome .
pls fix any bug in this app . its very annoy so i could give u atleast 5 star .
update the online status on wechat . than that will make people love to use it .
block feature on my account unnecessarily .
such a great app . must increase time of vedio send . love all function of wechat it be one of the unique app .
i try to open but cannot so i uninstall this app .
i love it .
good app and easy to use .
i have send several mail n msg , on how to permanently deactivate account from wechat . but , no response even after a month . and , second thing . unable to change profile pic . and . not get connect to server in between app usage .
ive have this app for a minute to communicate with daughter in china . all of a sudden , it stop work . ive try to get back on , download everything nothing . all those conversation go yes im mad and you all wont respond to my email .
why my wechat sometime always crash and force close .
best for communication .
i dont know why just doesnt work , cant get any response to nearby from few day ago .
it keep on say server access failure . i have a very fast internet connection but the moment that people post isnt show . please fix this .
i dont know why it will automatically log out and sometime it will lose connection . i hope next time it will better than now a day situation .
its still download hope so it will work .
load and still load .
update and now i can't send and receive message unless change my vpn to china .
hate this app so much . always auto log out and when i want to log in , server access failure appear . when i finally log in , go to moment and server access failure again . crappy app .
nice app .
slow to load chat when open and need easier and better gif support .
i love it .
app . i download the app and i dnt have the option of find people nearby . why .
nice app for free call .
brilliant app .
love it .
love it .
it's good to find new friend .
every time hang when update , now try many time still auto log out .
like it .
be this new update get crash please fix it .
keep crash after second .
should put when friend last see and message see or not .
this app be amaze but please fix it i've already do the troubleshoot but it do not work , it's automatically restart again and again please fix it i've already update .
i always use wechat call before new update . but after update the latest one , my call go bad . i hear sound like helicopter .
be good .
this app always tell me to update . now my phone memory almost full .
it's awesome . but i have a problem . when i go to people's nearby it find people but when i send greet to them it send successfully but not deliver and to the others i be not search in people nearby . even my phone location be on . i have motorola moto x . can u help me for that or i uninstall .
this app so great .
always say wechat have stop . what the fuk go wrong i gonna restart my phone always when ur bloody app go wrong .
all the troubleshoot that u give me be not helpful because even i use new handphone and install wechat and log in to my id , its still the same . other can get the new sticker but mine , not at all . my internet connection be good at my area .
i love it .
i love this apps but hope that it can be lock .
this app be good for me .
great connect tool .
the design be not android friendly at all . why copy ios appearance battery drain on wear be horrible , after the upgrade the watch overheat from time to time . can you guy be more serious on the platform .
this be the best social app ever i see .
i like .
why people i block can see my profile picture and my whatsapp status .
this app wouldnt let me sign up use my email . it wouldnt send me a verification code through sms either .
hang every time when update .
i wont get the notification for unread message unless i open the app . fix it .
this be cool .
just a basic gal here so this thing be perfect for me . this app give me everything i need .
plss long the sight video .
i hope we chat can have delete or chat your friend .
unstable , always stick . contact lose after reinstall .
why i cant open my wechat today it shut down on its own right now . need some help .
i can't open my wechat after update .
this application make me to have more friend .
something be wrong with the app i guess . bcz i download it but cannot sing up . it say error . please fix that problem . thank you .
it's cool .
don't want to rate 5 star .
its good to communicate with know as well as unknown people .
love it .
it be awesome .
we chat and call .
happy get this wechat . so good .
this be good .
not good .
love it .
nic app .
it be good .
nice app but i have no contact on we chat so it remain useless for me .
i like it .
love you .
after the update , the apps fail to open . i'm currently use htc one m7 .
good app .
my s4 seem to handle this app just fine . my daughter , in china , try to , video chat , but it would only freeze up . i haven't want to delete anything yet . but , bulk select delete would be a great addition .
wechat just close itself at the initial splash screen . unable to open .
difficult to make call because the line be choppy and during video call u cant see the person camera . i think it be in my phone problem but it be not on my cgnal or not even in my phone .
perfect application , one more option require . find online user .
i miss my brother so much so i look at our chat before but go i log out nthen log in back , chat be go , fix .
can u just fix the big bug , my notification do note react although others send msg to me .
sometimes it cant be open .
always automatically log out what happen .
nice you .
i be very unhappy about the clear my history of chat with my friend something be a good memory how can clear it . the emotion get some problem so i redownload we chat and then once i log in back . all the history have be clear please fix it . i need my history back .
not update . now i hate dis app .
i like this apps .
its really awesome app for find guy .
i still choose whats up for chat .
i report it many time but it still repeat . no one receive my request in shake please help me .
wow its like awsome .
nice but not much pep to tlk 2 .
if someone post sight , please la that sight can save at phone and we can post it at our moment . if you fix it , i will give you 5stars .
how can i access .
why many new sticker i cant download n not available for my id but my fren can . when i try to make new acc same device , all the new sticker be available at my new id . i dont use new id .
neen more clear .
i like this apps not for just chat but useful for the vedio .
it's very good and it's easy to use only that always turn off my watsap but i love it , .
just love this app .
we can easily search our neighbour .
good app .
be shake my phone but nothing be come up .
i like it .
after update , it's really slow and when i wanna post photo it dosen't work .
its great .
i be use sony xperia c mobile and i be a wechat user since 2 year i never get a problem with wechat until yesterday when i update the application and when i enter people nearby it be not show people it be just say that unable to load location data and try again i try many time but of no use i be on airtel 3g plan and i even switch on all location service in my mobile bt stil no use what be the problem with my app .
when im change profile picture it will hang z .
love it .
be love it .
why after update only can save 150 emotion please increase the place .
there be some faetures need to be take out . some user post video on momeny and when we go and see their post . it will automatically download and play it without ask .
i can't open this app . i try many time , it doesn't open it . i just can't . but , why that be the question .
too gud .
i lov it .
why i can't do video call and voice call once i update to new version .
one of the best free social network .
why i can't access this app , help me guy .
something be wrong with the app i guess . bcz i download but cannot sing up . it say error . please fix that problem . thank you .
when i write my phone number they say ivaild phone number .
nice ap .
no comment .
whenever there be any network request stick within the app , nothing else can be do subsequently even when other apps work like a charm , without the usual notification of no connection to the server . can only restart it to restore its connection .
after the update now i can finally chat . here 5stars for you .
sometimes its log out automatically . please fix .
i can't download it say cause the installation location i have go to many place to download it but it still the same .
that's it's .
good apps .
its good but on the group early photo or video will expire and i cant play back , by the rest be ok .
i like it .
include free get coin all in group game stick shop theme wallpaper .
app work great for me .
this be good .
it's ok .
the application be fantastic and i like it more than any other . for me to shake and meet other people from around the world from the comfort of my african home be a miracle . keep it up and well do .
like it .
good sticker shop .
i reset data in my tab and i can't install this apps anymore . error download . help me and i'll give you 5 star tq .
i can't download the pic that my friend send to me , and i can't load the moment's pic z .
but i hve a bite problem , i can't load my location with people nearby eventhough enable my location , ples fix it .
i like it .
my name when i click moment appear to be in some unknown letter like wxcidkakdv . something like that . could you fix this .
love it .
its a problem that i cant understand that one be see my message or not . so add this option .
so many folder have be save to my device bcoz of wechat .
chat come without sound of notification even do a report but still doesn't fix it .
sometime this apps be auto log out please fix it .
i need t0 sign this app . pls fix it .
when click to open wechat , it jump out of window . please fix asap . i love to give 5 star if this problem fix .
great app .
i recommend you to use this as your social app .
i still prefer whatsapp as my main messenger for its simplicity and it be very lightweight . but its new call feature seem to be ban in ksa where my international flight attendant gf have be travel to lately . also , many hotel restrict voip call particularly whatsapp . when viber actually connect , it lag hard or just continuously drop call . wechat be my go to for voice call only . it just seem to always connect without any lag or drop call . yay .
good app .
best app ever .
love it .
love it .
nice app .
it will be so totally cool to add a meet me date center on it i will give five star not only me but all who use it too .
here i meet a lot of people and almost every weekend we go out a lot i've be to several gcs and they be really great my favorite be the sticker you get to save and creat a lot and start awesome conversation with friend .
sticker keep disappear but overall i love the app , just need a little improvement .
great way to keep in touch .
wechat not response .
nice you .
very disappoint , every 4 day account will block time waste app .
i want sight get infront camera . so that we can sight ourselves perfectly and so on . k bye .
after the update now i can finally chat . here 5stars for you .
i love it it's good app for all communication preference .
wish i cud share song from my phone music player to my moment wall . pls .
delay message . only notify you when you check it otherwise it be dead .
it have be always perfect but it's three day that when i tap on it in order to open the app . it doesn't open . i have always to uninstall and install it again . what's the problem .
love this app coz i can send msg n do video call everyday all over the world n its not hang like line . love this n thank u .
love it .
i love you .
after i've update to 6 . 2 it's lag like hell . i've be use for year and its now so laggy . please fix it , this use to be a very good app .
i like it .
consume too much ram of background process .
can voide with freind n free call , sms .
good app .
keep load . can logout but cant login . please , i reply to you nicely , please fix it .
love this , but must be more creative and dare . just like line , it use indonesian operator and there many pizes everyday for the user .
nice app .
can't load any photo pls fix it after uninstalled it make me can't reinstall it pls fix .
good apps .
it's ok .
worst version . why it keep on log out . i'm sick of it . and i have to uninstall and reinstall back . please fix this .
stop send notification if our contact like a moment or sight that we also like . so annoy to open a notification that aren't about us .
very useful apps for video call .
i've post a lot of moment before and i've be use wechat for almost 2 year if not mistake and i haven't delete any of my post yet . and now i want to delete all of them . but , it be really tire to delete them one by one . i hope you can make it easier by have the mark option . thank for your cooperation .
great apps . only if we could save sight video it would be much better .
i cannot view my own album . the pic doesnt show out . please help me to fix this .
i wish i can see the others last see like whatsapp .
i waist my megga bite . this app don't even work .
and the feature be also very good in compare with whatsapp facebook or anything i be very much satisfy by use the wechat and i also want that the wechat company get more feature in this app for user like us .
my phone .
need a lot of input .
i hate wechat bore .
why could not be rotate update please . need rotate .
this app very good n many function . i like this app's .
the most best app , no need waste more mb in this app .
please add google keyboard emoticon compatiblity . and ability to send phone contact to friend . will give u 5 s . t . a . r . s .
after this update i can't even open this app . i haven't check my massage in few week after this update . pls fix this problem .
please fix the notification often fail to show up when the app be not open . i can only see notification when i open the app .
not proper work in lenovo a70 android l , location not find .
whats da procedure if want to downgrade to version 6 . 1 instead of version 6 . 2 .
really worth it .
i can't download it say cause the installation location please fix it .
kind of pesky je . aq nk scan qr code x bole .
love it .
love it , easy use .
i like it .
gd but not best . no last see like whatsapp .
since the update to lollipop , after several hour of wechat be not use , the xperia z1 can not receive notification of incoming message or image .
super live it .
ui year hold fruit and you really shameless product manager , ass lick apple'll say chant say this and that , this time to see you , right that master of your home in the android music app be release material design , ah , oh , that conclusion would you have to fight face fuck do not know what time , right next to bar her face , still tinkle joseph , oh , yes , and send a chinese people sb be not falsification , oh , yes , you guy be not sucker garbage company and also engage in monopoly fuck out of this , upgrade to mention every day , the result point into the play simply not update it pit father do this there , gcm be ignore , obviously push success , but it be not in my life and death notice column appear wechat icon , you put it that gcm be for show it ah also you be brain be kick ass ah andrew itself have to get their own notification api , and make now do not support andrew disturb mode , play with cute ah you also rely on many people , endure with , or who refuse to use this thing ah in addition , every day with my aunt like not receive a message with no optimization software and then on the special day it do not receive the message , you can do a communication software such rubbish and i really admire you . oh , yes , next to you qq more garbage , not because there be no score 0 star option .
it show bad quality camera when video call , i'm use vivo phone . last time be good in it but now idk why it become like this . quickly fix it .
i can't open it .
i love we chat before but since the new update it always log me out . and when i want to find my picture it mess up i have to search other tittle in my gallery .
i like this app .
love it .
i love it .
so slow .
i be have trouble to find out people near by me . it be not in menu in my app .
i can talk to my friend abroad .
this app in my phone be not compatible with the font i be keep for the display . it go accord to the font till the time the app be not restart and after restart the app take the default font for its display . please fix this please .
so slow .
wechat buleh familiar with many contact .
wonderful be the word .
nice app .
after 1 day the app self report as unofficial . i recover my account but the problem reoccured and now i'm lock out .
cnnot download .
how to non active this app .
like it .
this be the second time ai cannot open my wechat after i update the new version . pls fix it .
awesome app love it a lot .
keep crash , can't even open on moto g lollipop for the past few day . please help . i dun want to uninstall and lose my chat history .
love it .
old design you must have to chang in new design .
now im reinstall it coz of frenlist .
i think it be . a great update , you should rate it full star do you know how hard to make you satisfy with this . i think the person who rate it 1 star did'n know how to you use it btw nice app .
this app in my phone be not compatible with the font i be keep for the display . it go accord to the font till the time the app be not restart and after restart the app take the default font for its display . please fix this please .
why i can't open wechat after update it's always pop out after log in pls fix that problem .
why can't i register it say i have server access failire everytime . i try to reinstall the app . restart my phone then reinstall again . nothing .
i love this app because its so easy to message to each other . 8 i like it so much .
this be a good app .
i love this apps .
it's show me that i enter my password wrong all the time .
the myanmar language be use non standard font and all phone be see incorrectly where user impression be low . you should use like what microsoft , google be provide standard unicode font in their os .
the new method suck . i can't use the rear camera and it's crop too much . gimme the old way please . also , my chinese friend can post web link and text only to the moment fee . why can't i .
very nice plz send me more free call apps name .
y cannot download .
why i can't open my wechat after 2 week update until now please fix it really need my wechat i've try send some chat by use my friend account , but there's doesnt hve any notification . before this , always 5 star for wechat . but now , very disappoint .
not good this app .
we chat .
low quality of picture .
i be not able to change the display picture . else wud rate 5 .
auto log out and picture send in chatbox be low quality . and please add deactivate account feature . thankyou .
cannot open this apps .
after new update it's not open directly logout to home screen . how i can solve this problem .
i like it .
love this app .
i like wechat but why whn i update be not work properly .
nice to use everyday .
my gf's phone'swechat message with me through wechat but the time keep show 16 . 54 . the time be bot move , it keep 16 . 54 only . please fix it as soon as possible . my gf be get sad .
i've try 3 time but . hm . horrible .
we cnt earn talktime as bfr .
you need to add option for people who aren't in china to top up their wallet otherwise that part of the app be useless to us .
why . it my second uninstall becauze it always say my wechat have stop .
i can finnaly face chat with my friend .
i like it .
can't change my wechat id , this why i give one star . event my id be to identify , relationship and unique but at least i want to change i should have ability to change whenever i want with the want i need and still available i can change it and nothing change to the other feature . that's what i mean to 1 star .
do not give me any notification . i have to install it thrice this week . cannot update moment and chat . please fix this .
excellent app .
for me . this apps be very helpful .
its be half a year now im ask for help in this site on how to fix this problem , but no one use to help me on this . cannot receive call . it keep connect but they cannot accept it . my wifi be work properly . wth .
it do not work .
app still work well , but notification have become spotty and it take forever to open . please fix notification .
all problem be solve in business .
after update to 6 . 2 , my wechat start lag and freeze a lot . the application sometimes close by itself . it freeze whenever i use the camera to take a pic to send to friend . fix this please .
love it .
gud 2 time spend .
need to work on send location and better voice call .
bug conversation box go crazy sometime . redesign bore with old colour .
keep awake my phone all the time .
love it .
clear , simple , yet sophisticate .
i love it very much .
personally i like this app very much . i never have such problem where i can't log in at all and just stick on the main open page . after restart also the same problem what have happen to the new version if the latest version be not ready and stable please do not release yet without test and make trouble to all user . it be so disappoint . i even lose all data in the app .
not bad .
i love it .
hope like other apps . we will know if the message see or read .
i've be try to deactivate my account for sometime and there's no option beside lock out . please tell me how to .
why it's automatically uninstalled when sometimes i turn off my phone . m .
this application be awesome .
great . app .
just cant know who be online otherwise 5 .
i get many gf . when i wake up i see wechat and when i sleep i see wechat . it's amaze great job wechat love u .
there be only three option for font size . large still give very small character . the problem be that i don't know how to go back to older version now .
totally love it .
i love it .
it's use easily . 1007 .
it do not install do not waste your time .
bro its op .
wechat its my favourite apps . i like its so much .
i be from pakiatan , and i be use telenore sim and i cant sign up in it please fix this bug as soon as posible .
the way to stay in touch with folk in china .
good app .
can't change my wechat id , this why i give one star .
cant log in with my email poor service .
like it .
it be more easy to chat .
it show bad quality camera when video call , i'm use vivo phone . last time be good in it but now idk why it become like this .
too much cache receive from this app .
this update keep crash and freeze . it cannot to the 3g network and cannot access my sd card cause profile pic to remain blank and unable to hear voice message or see photo . when it work , it's good .
don't know y my contact all loss cant to upload my contact .
i like the app .
good but stupid apps it cant be open .
its cool to communicate but take too many space and we cant delete our account . kinda have to uninstall it .
dear developer , can you please provide feature for hide the id , make it more privacy . it be because people can spread out the id without my knowledge .
it will log out automatically . hope to solve it .
it's not respond to my phone . fuck .
i be voice call with my friend and it suddenly go off . we be both shock and call each other again and it only last for like ten minute and it go off again . it's really annoy that we have to call each other for 4 5 time until we give up . yeah , fix it .
at first it work fine but after a few hour it won't open at all . i have to uninstall and reinstall it again and again and the most frustrate part of it be it erase all your message . pls fix i really need to send an important message soon .
thank wechat .
please update quality of picture . it come blur when i open the pic . and i just want to know who be follow friend with me . plis fix up . thats all .
i will give five star if it more fast .
ok for social activity .
i like it .
but i'll give it 4 star .
when i call there's a black image plss fix that .
we enjoy use this apps .
connect people .
it show server access fail so many time . and my diagnose network report not send why don't know please do something .
after update we chat be not work . all message swnding be fail . i be very surprise with this update . i hope wechat team will help me .
nice app .
can you put longer duration time for sight just like vine or instagram that will be awesome . can you please do on the next update .
this app be awsome . and i just love it .
i read 23 message but it show that i haven't read it . i reinstall and the issue be still there .
one star . can't even install it . it freeze at 26 plus mba where it say instal . i've wait for 30 minute and still nothing . fix it guy .
i like .
its will be fun if this apps have a secret chat box or in other way super private chat . that have fake notification and lock in select chat . that will be 5 star for me .
not bad .
wtf i can't login , sign up or do anything on this piece of crap . i've try a million time to get a verification code . but i didn't .
wechat sign me out now i cannot log in . now i loose all my picture and our conversation with my family and friend .
this app remind me how i get friendzoned .
i love this app . i can talk to a lot of people in different place .
awesome app but not respond from some day . pls fix this problem .
good app but i can't download 2 my mobile so sad .
why when we take a video call , we saw ourselves , not the person we talk with . its not a video call , its selfie call , lol . and it always not respond after i update the app , please fix this i will give u higher rat .
i want download but no .
there be still more to be do .
i like .
please make a way so that i could know if my friend be online or offline .
it be good .
i update it last week , but somehow my profile picture and cover pic be very difficult for me to change to others pic , it always show me this message unfortunately , the wechat be not respond , do u want to close it , what happen , please fix it , thk u .
i like .
awesome great app .
when i install this app my other app be slow n make my fon hang .
why my wechat id ban . then i log in my id its say ban . its a big problem . solve it recently .
i like it .
i hope this app can show the last see or blue tick just like wassap .
everythings be okay . but , why i can't send my message . it's load for too long . i have to log out my account first and log in again to make it send my message . i don't think it's because my internet connection be slow . because i can use others apps so fast to send like twitter , whatsapp and instagram . i don't know whats wrong with wechat . please fix it . if i have something urgent to tell my friend , it have to take a long time . please fix it . please .
becouse esy to chat .
seriously i don't know what be the prob with this time update it keep on nt work fr twice time i dy uninstall and install back plss check . wats the prob go on fedup .
increase more custom sticker capacity .
for old version smartphone . can use this app after update .
this app be not good .
good job .
need to block some abusive account of ppl . send leud message .
same problem what the f . ck i already do a team give a solution but it rubbish when i use people nearby same problem . cant detect me even my friend besides me i can see everybody but the other people cant see me . pls a . s . ap almost 1 week same problem . if i ban tell me this no notice but a cannot use a function people nearby . pls fix it .
it really help me to keep in touch with my boyfriend .
i think when i update . i can select all message for delete or something else . but . its still same just like before . really hope . u can update with it next time .
pls help me . its not work on video call .
live this apps , downlot this apps .
how to create a new group chat .
nice to use .
i need it to rotate horizontally or vertically when need . whenever i go from moment , to chat list , the screen go from vertical to horizontal . can't you guy make it functional like whatapps messager .
its ok and hope it will be more better .
face a problem from last 2 day while shake phone it show no result find try again later help me out in sort this problem .
chat and video call .
love it .
i be nothing without we chat .
my chat with my friend be ugly because it bacome to long and if it's to long my profile picture be go just like that , please fix it .
maybe wechat account can be deactive like facebook because i can't delete my old account .
i use samsung before and something go wrong . i tot it be phone's problem . now im use lenovo and this problem still occur . the problem be 1 . consume a lot of memory 2 . cant read my sd card 3 . lag alot 4 . sticker go .
good luck .
why i cant to dl wc its fvck .
i can't open this app i really like it this app . please fix it .
love it .
free call and message on your phone .
not compatible with android m yet .
i love this app .
enjoy this app .
how to make the sticker look bigger i take a photo to make a sticker but it's become small after add to my sticker list . please fix or tell me how to make it bigger .
i like it . good app to use when your friend or family be in another country . i like the voice chat option . its even easier than texting .
good messenger .
via email address or any attachment may contain information contain within the new one of the other day and i be so .
absolutely love it .
love it .
. i hope you can fix chat history . where you can keep your old chat even when you uninstall the app unless you delete it by your choice . so when you install it again . you will see old chat .
i can't download it after i put memory card .
keep up the good application for the people communication .
why when i nearby my wechat not in the list and people can't see me . why .
i cannot post something on the moment , when i post something , it will say content to long . please fix it please . i be use samsung .
can't open after update the latest version . why pls fix it asap .
very good .
but i like it .
i have be use it for year . when i update it i cant use the video call and voice call anymore . help pls .
after update my i cant open wechat . fix it .
what the fuck be with the session timeout everytime need to log in back again and again .
love it .
whenever i try to copy the phone shortcut with a new icon it just make a copy of the original icon .
i love we chat .
i like this app but now it's run so slow not even open the log in page .
love it .
you can't search chat history now .
love it .
not bad .
love it .
i update and it become slow . cant open . now tht i've uninstalled it and i hope when i install it back , it can work normally . feel piss off .
very lovely app for all .
amaze picture view quality . thumb up for this app .
pretty cool and now i can chat with my friend for free .
this not awesome becouse im download its say error pls fix it .
auto remove friend contact who do remove block the user and add some date and time that the text be send receive . lastly make chat look like whatsapp beetalk other social apps that have last see on time and date and auto restore chat and sight for front camera . tq .
don't work crash .
can you add the time stamp option like whatsapp to view what time be the other party be online .
its a nice app to chat .
it take a long time to download .
like it .
after the update doesn't open just keep load .
when i give verification code it show it be wrong and enter it again . plz fix it .
delete it for a few time .
very nice . excellent .
tell me why .
wechat be a great app until one day , it log out automatically . just one log out and all of my message be miss . why this happen be there any method to recover it back it wasn't back up and of course it screw my day la wey .
best social apps .
very good .
its always log out automatically . it . make me feel , ergh . please fix tq it .
can u make it auto rotate so it more easy to chat like whatsapp .
after latest update , it always stick n too slow when type pls fix asap better previous then now i hate that .
i cannot send sight like before . please fix it . i think its more easy before .
i love it .
can't log in at all and just stick on the main open page . after restart also the same problem i think it be phone problem but not what have happen to the new version worst condition ever please fix it as soon as possible i like this app very much .
easy to use .
do like whatsapp plss , easy to know ppl read and online .
this app be very nice .
when i want to send an image to my friend . it force close by itself and when i choose a folder the picture inside be from other folder . please fix it as soon as possible .
it easy to use .
you wait too long to download it . i hate it .
i love this app . so much .
please give more recharge scheme .
i like it .
why my wechat apps can't open .
this app be cause my phone to not properly deep sleep . wakelock detector show it have overflow wakelock that keep the app run . this be probably cause by the recent update . my device be oppo find 7 .
good work .
hang too much while run this app .
i like to install this app . to communicate with my friend . but why cant install it . im very sad very sad please help me .
nice one .
4 for use first time seem good .
love it .
stark to download .
i love wechat .
help me to do the needful thing i would like to do easier .
i'm love it . this be really an amaze app to find new friend .
it help me out to find new friend on new location .
very interest message system . and very good way to communicate .
i want we chat loq in fast . now it so slow .
but i cant see people near you option in sony xperia m . when mostly i shake cell i see inly male search .
so nice .
i've be use this we chat for 2 year but when i'd update to a new version i can't open it every time i restart my phone plz fix it .
i love this but download earn money app .
it be nice apps and wonderful .
love it .
crystal clear voice video call . ever best call apps through internet . best than whatsapp , viber . pls , add notification when contact be online . then we be identify who be online at this moment . pls , reply . thank a lot .
like it .
keep crash , can't even open on moto g for the past few day . please resolve .
i love wechat , but recently , after the last update there's always an error whenever i'm choose the photo to send or change profile picture . it would go wechat have stop work and crash . please fix it asap .
when i about to post a picture or change my cover picture . when i scroll search for the perfect picture . suddenly it will back to the page before . please fix it .
it help me to chat wit my friend best friend in chaina .
it will automatically log out if i get out from this app . it's kinda annoy . seriously .
very good .
after update 3 day ago the application doesn't work . it crash all time and never open . i lose contact with all my wechat friend . please fix the issue . otherwise i shall loose all my good friend .
good job .
the large font size be still very small compare to previous .
love it so much .
very suitable for online sale . bt i like it .
why this happen could u fix it i want my wechat back asap as u say , i've do it all but still an error happen . please give a hand ok .
very good .
this application be very awsome .
i'm l enjoy this app very much it's so easy to use .
hey i cant log in . its stick in log in .
i want wechat can send long video .
after i login my account at a new device , everything be lose . please fix it asap .
we chat .
i just face a bug issue . when click to open wechat apps , it jump out the window . i couldn't even see my thing . my concern about the lose chat history and the setting run off . please fix it asap urgent . tq .
i love it .
i can't view any sticker that be store . still can't login with qq please fix this .
it constantly log me out . and i wouldn't be so upset but it keep tell me my password be wrong when i try to log back in . i know it's right because i've be use the same one since the 4th grade . super upset as i've contact them to delete my account , but no one have respond at all . my parent insist i should make some more account and maybe the new one will work . yeah , no , same problem . i'm on my third one now . i like the feature but until the app get it together , it's barely worth 1 star .
can't upload camera picture in moment because it freeze and crash for no reason . really bad update . please learn more from line app . please also remember , trial test be always a must before release a new update to the public . also would be good to get a competent programmer who know what they be do . please update this app and make it better no , really .
i love it .
hi guy good app but wen we do a search why do u limit it to such a small distance of only a few mile . please allow a much larger radius or atleast allow us to set our range . keep up good work and please listen to our request to keep market share strong .
hi please fix thia . im uaing samsung tab 3 . all this while its okay . , but today , i cant open my wechat , pls fix asap .
i want pencil pilot back bruhh .
all in one communication system for me in china . would be lose without this .
after i update the latest version i cant even open it please fix this .
nice app .
i like it .
freeze and restart . can't send more than one picture and it erase my home screen photo .
do not work after open .
if you want that kind of application . you should try snapchat instead of wechat .
the sob can't remember my phone and keep ask password . remove it all toay .
thank for be a good application to me and others consumer .
it's not open after the latest update .
i just simply love it . the video be so clear . it get me connect with my kid everyday .
i fide this app cool .
now i can't log in my wechat .
if we chat can update just like see the massage and online . , last see 15 40 , it will be perfect and super wonderful and i think people 100 give 5 star include me , thank .
why this app after update cannot open . please fix it . app before update be very better . im cannot give 5star bcoz i cannot open this app .
without you . i cant .
june 2015 it lag , it crash , it keep tell me to add friend who i don't want to add . 3 4 notification daily annoy the heck out of me the only reason i'm keep it be to keep in contact with family from hong kong .
i like the sticker and fast video call .
it's okay but the quality of photo that i post on moment or cover photo update be so bad fix this , please .
as an international product , ui design should not meet the prevail standard andrew as be the internationally renowned im , why whatsapp and line can do it .
its ok and hope it will be more better .
show another folder pic when i select the folder to change cover or default pic . still no improvement . same as always .
good but i'm wait to have same chat history on my phone and my tablet without have to backup for that reason i use only on phone . 1 star less . it would be great to implement this but excellent app .
notification doesn't arrive in realtime . i have to open up the app in order for me to check if i get a new msg or a call . i miss a lot of call and msg because they didn't arrive on my phone right away . pls fix .
this be the most private communication app ever .
i would rate 5 star when this app can be open .
best of the best .
latest version remove xtra large font option , stupid move . now wechat be useless fking tiny font .
not like whatsapp , every notification can be receive .
i love we chat .
after instal the new update on my samsung note4 , the video chat be no longer able to use external speaker .
good for connection .
my account be like freeze and can't even log in . please fix this issue . tqvm .
more kitkat emojis should be able to use on chat n moment .
all my conversation be delete after update to 6 . 2 . nice .
super awesome app . really nice sticker . the app can also cross function .
wow really great .
i like it so much .
lot of freeze after this update .
download fast . because this messenger be greatest messenger in the world .
since the upgrade , the app do not work anymore on my moto g .
i can't use it after update to the new version . please fix it .
i delete other video call apps except wechat . this only vcall apps i use to connect with my family and friend .
good but it's not respond .
my photo won't send to the moment page or any of my chat .
nice app .
my wechat take too long to load since the last update . it stick on the load screen . its not lag because when i press my back button it will directly go back to main screen . i would rate it 5 star if you fix this .
after recent update , my display name turn into wxid somewhat like that . please fix it asap .
i love it .
very nice .
really grt app .
i love this app .
i love this ap . those who have not try pls try it .
stop work without any reason .
not possible for deletion of account .
its very cool .
super line of work to the uk and ireland .
very nice . video be clear .
i be in china with family . no face book , no at , no communication with my peep back home , especially my gf who wonder why i stop contact her then our tour guide ask do you guy use wechat i instal and it be like the heaven open up free texting , awesome fun sticker , and free voice video call to the gf with wi fi she love me again boy , i think i be up to date on my tech stuff , i'm a cave man thank wechat for open my eye , and save my relationship from china .
very good .
i think , you should let us know who's our friend online .
i can't send any picture at the moment .
good for voice call but not for video call .
seem that wechat manage to ask me to change my password . it work after all .
i love wechat .
the video send option should be extant so we could share tow or three minute movei .
i recently log out and want to log in into my friend's acc , and when i want to log in to my main acc , it can't log in it doesn't say my password be wrong or smth , and my password isn't wrong too i've make sure of that . it just say log in . and then nothing happen . no error say that password be wrong . pls fix .
please update quality of picture . it come blur when i open the pic . and i just want to know who be follow friend with me . plis fix up . thats all .
i cannot locate my location . even though i unistall this apps and install again still same . please fix it to me . if okay i will give rate 5 for this apps thank u .
good app .
need to fix some bug .
its beautiful but fix the other .
nice but bad .
good luck with your family .
the only problem in this app be it be not show anything through friend radar even i though i be in an area where many people use wechat .
work well .
too gud apps dude thank for we chat .
how r u .
so good .
not bad .
tqvm for fix my sight but .
i've get 123 customize sticker in my sticker album . but in the chat box , i only have 115 . 8 of them will lose randomly . please improve it .
f k off . freeze after update , always show world , n sticker be miss . bullshit .
nice app .
i open it and it just give me a black screen , and return back to home screen . please fix it .
always restart . always crash . same problem after update . no respond from team . at first wechat launch . everything good . wechat be a superb app . but now use android old version . my friend use new android still have same problem .
its not work i don't know what's the problem . how to solve it .
please fiz this .
great app .
might be the worst app ever instal from official google play , register an account , log in . next time i start the app it say its an unofficial release of the app the app that i just instal from here on google play because of that my account have be block . when i try to recover the account it say that the number doesnt exist then i try to register again , with the number that just be say to not exist , and the it tell me there already an account with that number and ask me to log in . then when i try to log in it go back to start say its an unofficial app . mean im stick in a loop forver p total bugger and rediculos crap , which also ask for way too many permission on the phone . uninstalling to never come back .
it can make me feel so cool .
clear video call be compare to others application .
it do not in android m .
it only shake one time then it doesn't work . again install .
very good .
good app .
i love it .
video call be not work . instead it be go to audio call . very disappoint plz fix it .
it keep not respond , please fix this , i need to use in a problem for my cousin , please , this be the latest i say please fix this .
i like it .
can u please check on why after i update de new version . why i can't upload my picture to the moment i can't change my picture on wechat why after i renew de emotional can't keep more can fix it up plz .
we chat .
awesome . love it .
i like n love so much this wechat .
can not login by sms facility .
choose this apps . fantastic .
deheck why it stick when i open it the older version not like this .
love it .
upgrade the colourful wechat d and more lovely and enjoyable emoji .
this be a best . but when i chat be stick and make my ipad power off .
it show server access fail so many time . and my diagnose network report not send why don't know please do something .
good job .
no even close to whsts app hopeless video call and no last see waste om internet .
anyway ok .
very nice .
it need a space where you can see when the person be online , type a message or when they be last online . often u don't recieve notification of message , only when i go into the app itself , minor issue . love tge variety of sticker pretty good .
i like it .
it say you have to log in again after 20 minute or so plz gix it then 5 star .
this app be perfect i love this app .
i want to change the wechat for once only . i would give you 5star .
nice app .
i lose everything from me from my life . now i be alone in this world .
great and awesome .
perfect for chat with people from far away it's a really nice idea x .
thank you . for wechat .
the best app . thank you .
nice reward .
i love wechat .
no support at all from wechat apps . i contact them for several year and they never respond to me even once . bad support .
amazingly good , always work unlike other chat apps .
good app .
i like it but when i click fabourite some video , the video can't share in moment . please fix this problem . if u fix that , i give 5 star .
i want it have a read message just like line whatsapp after one person read already and it have read sign . cause easy i know it read or not .
i can't view any sticker that be store . still can't login with qq please fix this .
i like .
wechat be not a good app . whatsapp be more better as compare to wechat . in wechat there be no option for account deletion .
we need offline and local storage backup for chat log , .
i update my wechat but the update be only make the app worst . it didnt show any of the pic or video sight that others have post on their moment . it only show grey blank color on the image . nothing happen if i click on the image or video . it didnt download open pls fix it . thank .
good but it cannot be open when it have be download .
awesome apps .
very good .
i have 75mb free space . what the hell it cant install with free big space . please fix it .
can't send receive message pls fix it asap luckily i can't give negative star .
after i update this latest veraion , i cant open my application any longer .
pretty good app i suppose , it allow me to text my friend and family .
i cannot open my account . i don't know why .
past few day ago my wechat be very good in condition but yesterday i be try to open it , suddenly it seem to be i never open it because when i'm try to open it . it responsed me com tencent have be stop . what will i do to solve this case in my wechat . it's annoy me deep inside . gr .
very good .
just love it .
i cud nt snd msg aftr my last update . i rilly luv wechat but plizz improv on ds n bring some mre amaze sticker . pliz .
it could be better or fix but for the most part it's ok .
i hate when shake my phone to find friend the answer try again later .
i like it .
this apps so good .
i want to delete this id and make new one how can i do this .
be love it .
i like it .
i really love it .
love it .
tqvm 4 this app . free for all .
iblove the speed .
everything be fine . but here have only one thing miss . that be last see , or online mark . please do something .
nice app .
nice more easer to tock to friend .
very excite .
the image quality that be submit in the moment will be more blur than the original image resolution . fix asap .
nice apps , . very clear video i love it .
i like it .
i love .
my what's up didnt show up and it cant change fix pls .
hate this app after update . sticker send status not show in my page . we chat suck . fuck u . bastard .
this app be perfect .
but i find out about the new set which involve nfc . what be that for anyway .
i can send the messege but can you add more stuff in this app .
i like this app .
the app be great aside from the occassional crash . the album be not right and try to scroll down to select photo freeze the device and crash the app . its very inconvenient and i would be overjoy if you have it fix .
luv it .
add night mode function please .
be work well for chat and voice , easy to use . didn't try to take control of the dialer like skype . recently be get a lot of one way audio after a few minute . not the connection as whatsapp voice call be fine for the same connection .
best call app ever no drop call experience , recommend .
love it .
too good .
i cannot open my wechat after i update it now i hv to uninstall it .
after update 3 day ago the application doesn't work . it crash all time and never open . i lose contact with all my wechat friend . please fix the issue . otherwise i shall loose all my good friend .
i can't open this app .
really cool app .
where be the unfriend button need to clear some of the contact list but cant find the unfriend button anywhere . and most of my friend say that wechat be lag . fix that .
nice app .
i love this apps badly . i can cominate with people .
it become very slow after i update .
i can't receive or send any message use wechat , even i can't share any moment or view new moment from others . please fix it thank .
make wechat can know who online plz .
i could contact with my family and friend wherever i'm . and the high quality video call and voice call , which save of my ton of money .
we chate .
so best this app .
its time to chamge the style .
i can share my photo at wechat moment and i can chat with my friend and play game too .
i love this app .
please fix this , it keep make my phone nit respond it say's .
love it .
i cant watch my sight . why be that hope u can fix it .
hat it .
i'm here seriously search for my joint lovely future wife ok .
i love wechat until recently . i have a nexus 4 and notice some of my sticker be miss , i think my phone be act up since a lot of thing didn't work . i get a new android , still the same issue but more worse , ever since the update , it crash , lose more sticker and get response late fix asap please .
why i can't change a nickname please help to fix it , thank .
i hope it have an app which people can see a picture within the time and the picture will be delete and cannot be save in their phone . it for the sender privacy though . i really need this kind of thing .
very slow to update new version . very2 bad .
like it .
i really wanna unbind my phone number on wechat i ald link with my email on it so tell me why u didnt approve it just a little thing not big deal dude , or delete my acc tho . pls dont ignore my problem , fix it and tq so much .
why to a load a slowly .
why this happen could u fix it i want my wechat back asap please give a hand ok .
thank u so much i update alrdy my wechat .
i hope you can add a deactivate account option in setting just like any other chat apps because i no longer want this . thank you .
very great application .
love it .
good app .
i wish i can send the video without the limit length just like whatsapp .
i can't send message and update moment . i need to unistall then install it again but after a few day it happen again .
vry nice clear .
i like it .
guy my wechat be not work on wifi network it only work on data network please give me solution of this problem .
little slow . i hate slow apps when its download .
it show server access fail so many time please solve my problem other wise we chat be good one .
every time my friend send me a message , it only show up a few minute later or sometimes a few hour later , pls fix this .
after update i can't open , hat it .
the application be pretty awesome , impressive and satisfactory . perhaps if you can put an option of link it to other social medium account then it can be better .
everything break . it's not work shi .
we chat be really a nice app to get connect with friend n family . its a easy to use . over all i like it . its nice wow .
it be really good and very easy to operate . i love the walkie talkie mode .
update be great thank .
wechat be one of the best application .
i want post photo but . it's more than good no update .
never think wrong .
good but cannot use .
so great to have and to meet a new friend . especially in other country .
when i send picture and change profile picture it say unable .
affordable and easy communication by use modern technology . thank .
love it because it have a great way of communication .
get message too slow . cannot send any message . moment update be too slow . take a couple of hour to publish . i'm use wifi and my other app do great job but this suck . i wanna unistall but a lot of my friend use wc . please fix this . make thing simple and easy not complex and complicate .
why do you make it so difficult to delete user's account i already send email twice and my account be not yet delete . also right now . i experience a problem link the account to an email address and unlinking the account to the phone number .
this app require too much space and lag all the time . plus its buggy as hell .
i like wechat but can you add a see feature to know when the receiver read my message thank more power .
not support lollilpop after my phone update to android lolilpop . crash when i try to open . need uninstall and install again all my chat go i can not make backup .
it crash everytime when i open it after update . it suck .
the best .
try it and download it to enjoy .
latest version update it's crash when i want to upload video to my friend , my device be samsung galaxy s6 edge , please fix this issue .
it's ok .
everytime tap contact , wechat kick me back to homescreen please help .
good app .
after the update i can't hear the other party on either the speaker or though the phone . it also isn't use the ringtone assign to it . terrible update . completely useless now . have to revert to email or texting . would be 5 star if it work .
the best .
suck . cnnt save this app into sd card . must install everytime if app dsnot runn .
use to be great . now the app uninstalled by itself i power off my phone and that shit happen .
cant load in wechat , keep load in the earth homepage .
it take forever to download on my sony experia .
i love you .
there be a delay in talk conversation which make it difficult to chat .
love it .
not enough space to save , only 150 .
nice but available be not tress .
superb app .
after update , it cannot be access and malfunction during the load screen please fix the problem .
i hate everyone .
i download this app because i need to contact my parent and friend .
i love it .
can't update and slow take more time to update .
love it so much .
we chat .
why i can't change my profile and cover picture . please help .
great for chat .
unable 2 update . uninstall try 2 install it again but cant install error . pls fix it .
wechat be the first kind of messenging app that integrate social share within the communication . facebook take an opposite route , i . e . bring communication into social share , 2 year after . so what's the big deal here wechat model be closer to the real human interaction pattern . you first agree to start a conversation with a stranger . as you get to know the other person , you start to share your personal life story with them . you don't have to befriend with someone you just know .
i reallt get into connect with friend and meetin .
this wechat so good .
this be a really good app .
unable to open . please fix it . thank you .
before you apply material design .
love the app .
i hate to use it . but i have so many friend on it .
saidul dubai .
what happen wechat riyadh its hard to update full internet signal you automatically self logout and never accept my password goddammit .
why already 3 day cant not look around .
very good .
why wallet option can't see it in my account . even i use the last version also i'm stay in china and have bank account .
update to the newest version again , still couldn't receive message on time .
love it .
since when there auto logout never have that issue .
must try this application . its very good guy . try it then you love it . keep it up .
crash when open album when uplpading my profile fix it asap please .
wechat it's very fast , the greatest feature it's the build in translator , but i can't believe that there be no wechat on my samsung gear 2 neo , we're on the smart watch era come on wechat tech , how hard would it be for a huge company like tencent to create wearable apps .
how can we save our old profile picture that be no longer our profile picture now plz tell me .
this new update be suck . it keep on crash and stick whenever i open the album . the album be also mess up . youre gonna find a screenshot in an album name wallpaper . suck isnt it pls do fix this asap or i'll stop use wechat since it have start to annoy me .
terrible i download it and it wont let me into my account it that i've get unofficial download . what other wechat app be there line be so much better .
lovely app .
my friend face profile be all go . please fix that . and any bug .
the bast of the bast and it's free .
i love this app very nice .
help me keep in close contact with my family friend abroad .
i want download but no .
that good .
i cant log in my wechat acc . its always say that my acc have be log in from other device . fix it .
please fix your f king freeze when i want open the pic .
i wish sight can be record with front face camera .
best way for time pass .
i like this app so very much cos i can keep in touch with my belove homies while i feel homeless .
my acount .
i can find many friend when i shake .
always force close . but its good .
love it .
new design be really bad . think for new material design . unstable and have bug when msg recieved after see msg . it say u have new msges . video call issue . long time log out and log in . need a new switch account button . fix tencent team and i rate to 5 star . becz your app be my fav app .
after update to the new version , u can't even join a group chat if u dont provide ur bank info to enable their wallet service . that's how a chinese big company do in his own protect market .
i love it .
can't post photo through chat .
very good app .
i will not install until this unless i know why on earth a messenger want to know everything i do .
if u hv tym to waste dis fr u .
hate it i want to change dp but it be hang n i cannot to change my dp . please fix that .
just ok .
love it .
i just put 5 star if i can listen the voice of video call properly .
how come my name disappear in the moment and show all nonsense word as my name .
it's rely help full application for people .
i just wonder why cannot install we chat .
great option for get with international friend . translation be great .
omg why cannot open the wechat
nice app .
it's really a good experience it work in those country where others not .
this app be imp . to contact with bst frnds .
excellent way of communicate to my loveones .
can't deactivate account and also change wechat id after create the account . please fix it .
awesome trustworthy app .
good app .
i can't log in my account because my account be ban at first . and then i've recover my account . and then after i log out my account and log in again . it say my account be ban again . i've try to recover my account again . but i can't . please help me .
i download it only because of thr id top fun , in listen there gr8 fun in it .
after update the emotion sticker cant save more .
its really good .
the font in chat still big please change it to small like others . i need privacy .
just start use it .
the best way to keep in touch .
should put when friend last see and message see or not .
nice app .
some time when i make video call to my country the picture wasn't clear .
very good .
good , easy and excellent to use .
i love it .
can't upload camera picture in moment because it freeze and crash for no reason . really bad update . please learn more from line app .
i love this app .
usually very reliable app , but after last update application won't even open , only to the moon screen before crash . try restart device , and clear cache . didn't work .
i like .
awesome app .
why you be not add above .
stable , reliable , and friendly social network service . kid1412 88 , my id share me something ur experience , hopefully i will reply u soon hehehe .
best app i ever use . but please lower the space for update .
when you chat with someone suddenly the incoming chat be very late , so trouble , its ruin my bussiness please fix it as soon as posible .
one of the new feature list be for android wear . the ability to share your heartbeat . can not find this feature anywhere . all other feature be as great as always though , nice update .
i love it .
good app .
i totally can't in the wechat apps . it keep ban out from the apps or the whole screen be black and nothing there . wechat it's my favourite apps . please fix it . i will rate back 5 star . tq .
can't post photo through chat .
thank to you , it be very useful and enjoyable . thumb up .
it show a good camera quality in low quality phone that's why its great .
please add a feature which allow us to change the ringtone for incoming video and voice call .
wechat doesn't work for user account other than the owner account on android lollipop , so it be not fully compatible .
really like the sound and voice quality on voice call . keep it up .
it be good but it does'nt show the online state and it also not show that he or she read the maasage or not . please fix it .
thnks for this app .
i would like to have last see on wechat because we don't know be online or not . tq .
love it .
always stop , cant send msg wat be tis where's the old best wechat now i have to clear data n all my chat r go it can't even be backup fuck tis shit .
new design be really bad . think for new material design . unstable and have bug when msg recieved after see msg . it say u have new msges . video call issue . long time log out and log in . need a new switch account button . fix tencent team and i rate to 5 star . becz your app be my fav app .
have notification sound but no display at the top .
i love wechat . it's easy to connect frds n people .
why i cant install this .
very nice .
i sometimes can't get access even have wifi or network . the gps be not up to date .
after i have upgrade my phone to lolipop . i can't use it as always . please fix it .
a very nice chat app that u must have it in your phone .
love it .
love it .
nice application good call connectivity .
next update , front camera set for sight please .
why after update to 6 . 2 version , the large font size become smaller than previous version , it's terrible .
choose image bug . please fix this , when i want to upload image , should i choose which image that i want to upload in my separate folder but it show all image instead of one folder view and make my device go slow .
love it .
i like it .
after the latest update , it keep crash . can open it , but can't do anything . it will immediately crash . please fix . it's useless now . this new version be crap .
easy to use and too useful , take people closer .
when i open image it glitch then crash and all my image be all disodery .
easy for contact for all people the world .
great app , work fine , samsung .
wechat give us balance we give u 5 star .
it's incredible how they have put so many feature in a single app . even better it's cross platform across a vast range of apple , google and microsoft device . it's improve as they have add the ability to transfer chat data across device on the same network in addition to the server backup and restore . the app be adapt quickly to change in technology as reflect in their recent update to accomodate functionality for fitness tracker and other wearable . thank you for your hard work , wechat team .
why my wechat can't open it .
i cannot download it .
can wechat do the shortcut .
please make sync with different device in chat for android . it's work in apple . not for android version .
love this app .
i have low vision . the recent don't size change make it hard for me to read neither the chat message or the moment . the old version work better in chat window . i'm expect it improve the readability by allow large font , but actually it be toward the opposite direction .
party girl don't get hurt can't feel anything , when will i learn i push it down , push it down i'm the one for a good time call phone's blowin up , they're ringin my doorbell i feel the love , feel the love 1 , 2 , 3 1 , 2 , 3 drink 1 , 2 , 3 1 , 2 , 3 drink 1 , 2 , 3 1 , 2 , 3 drink throw em back , til i lose count i'm gonna swing from the chandelier , from the chandelier i'm gonna live like tomorrow doesn't exist like it doesn't exist i'm gonna fly like a bird through the night , feel my tear as they dry i'm gonna swing from .
keep it up .
cant use people nearby when use line but work fine when use wifi after update .
thts me .
i want to download this in my mobile .
i always use wechat . but when i want to look back way back to the chat . i need to puss down alot . can you help with it .
it help me to chat with my family live in just in my mobile . its a good thing . well do to all who make this .
great app .
i dont know whats happen to my wechat because i click on chat to my friend , it suddenly close the app . i cannot chat with anyone . i have root my phone . but still dont know what be the problem .
its good but can you see people that your own age .
app crash and restart frequent . use asus zenfone 2 lollpop 5 . 0 .
the newest update crash when try to change profile pic . album be mess up as well . you'll go to one album and see another album's picture . this wouldn't be so much a problem if it didn't crash so much . while look for the right picture , which take a long time it crash .
awful now i do not receive message with latest version .
mostly poor network .
fix it please .
great way to meet friend all around the world .
i've have a pretty horrible experience with the bug in this app before but now it's all fix . great app great for just chat and socialize the only improvement i would recommend would be to increase each user's custom sticker capacity . once i reach 150 , i be not allow to add anymore unless i delete exist sticker from my collection . overall , the app be great .
this be very good app .
you need to fix the freeze when you open the image and when you be in group chat it get really irritate , before it start this be a great app .
be in love with dis apps .
its very good for community to connect each other but moment privacy be weak .
much improve recently and doesn't appear to be the battery hog that it use to . essential for keep in touch with friend in china . emojis be dreadfully ugly . grim caricature which look like they be draw by a 15 year old boy , they should take a look at hangout or whatsapp .
top appl .
love you we chat .
would you put something to know , be my friend see unseen my message plz .
perfect chat network .
love this app .
very good .
i love wechat ever , make me feel enjoy to have conversation with others .
with the latest update , i can't view my friend photo on wechat and can't send photo either .
unwanted background service .
very nice .
after the latest update , it keep crash . can open it , but can't do anything . it will immediately crash . please fix . it's useless now . this new version be crap .
why the heck every time i can't connect to moment page with the wifi , and have to be use my data qr code can't even scan to use on my computer never improve suck .
why i can't make sight anymore .
love it .
i like it .
i can't post photo and can't view my friend photo . this app be good , but now it's the worst app i have ever use .
why they cannot see me in people nearby . i set already my setting . hmph . why like this . pls feedback .
good and love it thank wechat .
add new feature .
like it .
green white only . colour box of the text . can change to different colour .
the font be too large .
not good enough .
i have be use chat apps wil rate wechat one of the best out of best .
it be so fab .
thank for amaze new feature that translate moment in to my language . congratulation keep move develop team .
other apps just crash when open it . doesn't matter what app . how to revert it back to before .
i know this version be very user friendly .
awesome app .
really nice apps .
there be always thing to improve , wechat be 1st app that i rate 3 star , one time reach 5 star be not realistic in my view no room to improve . btw , 6 . 2 font size be not ideal , standard too small , large too big , it be good if there be font between standard and large .
i can't donwload photo that be send by my contact and i can't update my moment with photo . besides , i can't view my friend photo .
i like it .
lately dunno what happen to my wechat , it just don't let me go through the moon place , it's always stick there .
why my wechat suddenly log out when i close this app .
i hate this app .
good app .
so good .
we chat .
help to bring all my oversea friend closer , make new friend . i often drop suggestion , they seem take those and continuously improve the app . great job .
i love it .
horrible , it crash all the time .
developer , please fix my account . why people can't see me from people nearby .
free video and voice call more conveniene and fast to get news or info from other party .
why suddenly a while can see the photo and sight that my friend post at moment , and why a while can't see the photo and sight .
link in moment can't translate . still there's no report for message already deliver or not .
love it .
why the fck my moment always didnt not come out when the moment be problem , everything in there also problem . cant send chat and cant do anything . fix this . im too tire to uninstall and install . shit .
enjoy to have many friend .
it's very good massager for everyone .
it's ok .
it would be great if you guy also put see on message or active status .
we chat be support all the time .
nice app .
haha get nice chat and free only need internet .
love to know outside foreign friend .
make me to chat with friend .
the best aps .
it's too heavy . and slow .
it would be nice if we could share with other apps .
vry useful app .
love it .
every day i download it take a time to download my application that i want , please fix it .
love the sticker and the emoticon .
there be no new sticker for week . why .
i just use this to my work .
why i cant change my id its stopid .
good app .
i can't view other's sight with sound . please fix this , or make a new app for device like mine to see sight with sound , maybe . thank you .
i really hate it , after i update my wechat . i cannot send message to my friend through wechat and whatsapp , fuck you .
i keep get log out and ban because it tell me i'm use the unofficial app and have to sign up again and lose everything . please fix this .
i've two alternate number which i both use to unblock my account twice . now i'm unable to unblock it . tell me alternate way to unblock .
please let me know who be online on wechat .
easy to use , have lot of fun with friend , and family . good way to go .
add another feature when the person have last see and whether that person be online or not . like whats app and viber . if this feature this add then this app will be awesome .
i be use a samsung note 4 . whenever i browse for photo it doesn't even show the correct folder and then it crash within 10 second . i can't upload share any photo . i can't even change my profile picture right now because it keep crash i will increase the star rat to 5 when this bug be fix .
keep log out , fix this dud .
so useful .
the whole apps be great but the only thing be the texture of the apps kinda look old . you guy should change it .
very good app .
be gud and intrestimg for communicate friend around .
best featurised app have all which we have want . keep it up .
it drain my battery very rapedily and take too much installation size it become more than 100 mb .
this app be very interest because have a many func . i hope this app can update again and have many func .
the image verication be suck . how can i remember my friend picture pls change it . i have 24hours to get my next change to log in on my own account . better use whatsapp , facebook , and line . it be also laggy on my phone . 1gbram , android 4 . 2 .
i set the chat background and it won't let me set it . please fix it .
after the update wechat just open the splash screen then close the application my device polaroid .
very good .
the best online for the people connect together on the world .
like it .
i like . this app .
awrsome , great .
please add share mp3 to chat , group chat and to moment . i'll give five star after this feature enable .
i hate dis y doesn't it work . useless app doesn't open setting moment and everything .
better than viber , whatsapp , skype etc . voice call be clear and the video quality be better too .
it's ok .
go ahead for be the one .
previously this app be work properly but suddenly after update people nearby option be go from the app . please solve this so tht i can increase my rat .
good app .
because we chat be good to all people .
awesome app i love this app .
stupid on geoghraphy , regardless you in korea or chicago or kuala lumpur its state as 2km . still stupid gps .
love it .
would be awesome if feature with findable group chat like mig33 before ex chat room with school , city , alumnus etc . coolest thing ever .
i need a theme if you make a theme i will give 5 star .
congratulate this be good .
good app keep up the good work .
good and great . make me feel comfortable talk with friend .
nice app .
i luv this . the video be loud clear . thank you wechat . awesome .
i can change my id please .
why i can't download wechat on the usb storage and sd card .
more large size and make more easy text .
so yeah whatever . facebook will always be better .
i hope there be last see .
thx , wechat it be very useful and there be some emoji very funny . thx a lot wechat .
great app .
love it .
so user friendly .
i like it .
i love wechat . it connect me to msny new friend that near from me easily .
its amaze . thankz to the developer of we chat app nice camera .
its good for nothing . a total waste . not worth it .
i love to post my moment . i love to share important thing to my other friend . i love to share picture .
love it .
the best . nothing else can i say more .
please have an option to float or pop up chat and can still minimize . esp when play so that i can still reply while i play or watch movie or browse . i want it so much .
please upgrade quality of picture . i have send a picture to my friend and quality of that picture very low . its just like a pixel . so please take a note . and keep your work . this be awesome app if you add last see for this app . thank you .
where be sticker shop .
make last see like a fb and wassap from last see i can know who still online and who already last see . thank please fix .
very good .
after update this version , i cnt open wechat . its auto close . plis fix it . i use asus phone .
the app be nice .
the app always quit when select a photo to post .
you can know everybody .
i like the application much .
white font with bright background don't wanna say anything .
like the swipe style in the latest update but still laggy when open notification . i wish sight can be record with front face camera .
same problem . it always shut down by itself when i open . f .
how come cant share upload on fb .
why dont you let us make a gif sticker like before .
this apps be awesome it make me save money to call my boyfriend in korea in either voice video .
very good .
easy to use . and very useful . thank u for develop such a great application . for that u deserve a 5star .
we use this app for student parent communication with teacher , find carpool and studio announcement . very easy to use with many free feature , its amaze .
nice app .
hat it because it take to much internal storage space and ram my suggestion be make liter version .
much faster .
doesnt allow to deactivate your account .
its really very nice app for the youngster as well as co worker .
be use wechat for quite a long time now . satisfy user ever since . make me connect to my family since im work abroad . thank you .
i can't see who be in online , who be in off line . also i can't send other document file . also connection need improve for instant message and call . also apps size need decrease .
if only it wasn't such a powerhouse . love all the function and use it daily . if it be more battery friendly will rate it 5stars .
verry nice to use it .
i be from india and i feel very hard to connect with my friend live in south africa , call and video call be not reach them and the another thing be search people by name be not enable in this app .
whenever i try to use video call , video on my side look really dark but on the other line be good , android version 4 . 4 . 2 .
okay for business and family friend communication .
try to delete my profile do not work . and we chat doesn't help with this problem even when i ask for assistance .
best ever .
i like this app very much . keep go .
i love wechat pro .
good stuff .
love it .
we always pull down to refresh . however , in this version , pull down in the conversation view will trigger the video camera , which be unexpected usually .
it's easy to communicate with family and friend in one go .
the wechat team always on the look out for issue and resolve them .
i like this app bt there be some problem not show online who r use so fix it .
love the animate cartoon and the translation .
i want theme for wechat .
i like this .
could you please add last see show who be online now plz add this thing .
why it be show you be use non official version of wechat and block my account . i'm unable to unblock my account now .
cant load my location data , and find people nearby , please fix it .
its the fast way to communicate .
great app for chat and call .
i think this app make your phone very vulnerable . check out the permission require .
nice app esp with expressive srickers . my fav .
please improve clean up and delete message selection filter .
i love it but why cannot download this app .
we chat .
like it .
good app .
it's be very convenient to chat on video even send to the friend message . so far i love it . nothing complain about the app .
the larger font only apply to the screen prior to in chat screen . this be very unpleasant . please bring back the bigger font at the next update .
thank for the sight's update . i really love it . it will be so much fun to share our happiness with someone .
love it . very2 awesome . keep go wechat .
suggest to have pop up notification and app lock .
every time when i scroll down my friend list and i want to open one of the profile , automatically it will go back to the chat . pls fix it .
how to delete old account .
literally all tencent app die on new android m , nice software develop skill .
plss long the sight video .
the worst chat app ever . the size , the accessibility , the ui , all be very ugly . i'd rather give 0 star if possible .
my yen .
everyday i always use wechat its good very nice , sometimes voice not clear can u fix it thank god bless wechat app .
it's the best app ever .
its simple but perfect .
great program . thank a lot . it's the best application can use .
be gonna try it and give feedback .
very good app .
add long sight video please . p .
please add an option to save the audio clip send in conversation .
clear sound and good quality even if the internet be not good .
too many feature and auto log out for no good reason every day .
since we chat be so popular , a lot of vision traumatize folk use it as well , it's really nice that you guy add larger font size option now to make font size larger in every layout in this app , but please add an even larger font size option , i think it wouldn't hurt . love .
love it .
take too much ram and internal memory and battery life . pls fix that .
i simply like it's video quality most .
i can't receive photo in moment and message . please fix it .
very good easy and handy to use .
the app button don't really work . they be all unresponsive . great app tho .
great app .
nice app .
love it .
wechat make me meet my old friend .
aplication cannot be intalled bec .
i like this app .
would love to see a new ui .
i love it .
doesn't work even after the latest update , please update to android m developer preview and move forward with technology .
people nearby s not visible . everytime i have to discover and search nearby people wid a weird msg .
love it .
wechat reduce your size . like instagram small size n good performance .
stop complain guix . if you dont want the apps so you can uninstall it anytime you want . gumawa kayo ng sariling apps niyo .
well . i like to catch up with my friend and it won't lite me talk .
please make an option for auto translate for message and moment plz .
when i shake then msg occur result not find it happen from 2 3 day back . this problem occur after every 4 5 day when it fix . fix this permanently . asap .
nice you .
the best .
new update useless , after tap on icom have to wait for 2 second to open the app .
sometime good for me .
have be use wechat for quite a long time , all i want to know be when can you bring back the material design back and at least let the switchtabpos back alive .
nice update though . but can u make it look with material design more simplistic and the statusbar fill on lollipop .
it take too much storage space after update to new version .
just awesome app .
exactly poor design .
my social be all about wechat .
but be sure that be a privacy .
every time i want to look up the chat history , and a new message come , it scroll to the new message .
video call in low end device be not at all work . it say the user have switch to voice call every time .
its great on my android phone but the desktop version for mac need serious improvement . no moment there and no chat history .
unable to directly share photo from google photo .
no account permanent delete option , why save old to old profile , why its worst to show which account or contact i dnt have number in my contact list , totally waste of time , if wechat want more user . just full fill these requirement so user can feel n love an app userfriendly not this worst time waste .
upgrade the new version .
have good function , owsm in work and always connect with otherd like friend .
i lose my acc . why cant just log in use id and pssword only . fuck u .
not bad .
i'm the kind of person who can have a dumb conversation one minute and a deep one the next .
don't even deserve 1 star also .
nothing be happen on to smart phone regard this app . annoy .
delete account function pls .
i can't view the interface just a white screen . my android version be 5 . 1 . 1 . please fix it .
please add share mp3 to chat , group chat and to moment .
nice apps .
it always say server access failure even if i be connect to the internet . i can connect to fb , ig and other apps that access the internet . so i don't know why this app be unable to connect to the internet .
i like it .
good job .
good app .
the transition from slide from leave to right be really anoying . when i scroll down to my moment sometimes slant direction it move to discovery tab . fix it please .
long press do not activate translation .
its ok .
i never get real time notification till now . i delay its notification for about 15 to 20 min .
love the cool sticker to express yourself and love the voice msg so no need to type .
sometime , my moment not update . because of that , i need to reinstall it .
rate 5 star if wechat have chathead like messenger , anyway thank for the appz .
you be still the one i love .
one of the best apps here in android . keep it up .
it amaze . we can know many people in other country .
i like it .
you're the only app i've encounter so far that doesn't work on android m preview . be sneaky huh .
since when there auto logout never have that issue . those user just act dumb it mean your ram be low .
like it .
iike it . btw i cannot open after i update . please help me .
keep auto logout my account . so annoy .
love it .
because only newly develop app lock your account without an option to delete the account . we keep it alive and run on our phone so that once some mischievous hacker try funny move , we will know for sure .
i love wechat .
cannot receive any message even connect wifi or 3g .
one the best app , and have more feature than what's app and others .
wechat 5 . 0 good after 6 . 0 my fons change move slow . adoi .
2stars only since no last see , online and type be show .
i cant play some sight for ios .
love it so much .
i can't download this app , its keep load .
font size remain no change at all . letter display when type remain small n badge not delete after read message .
very good app .
this be such a cool app , try it out , it's just that it get a little laggy sometimes so the wechat team need to improve on that .
after update i try switchtabpos , it's not work anymore and the title stay on the bottom .
love it .
i want this apps .
it's so bad compare to other social apps . they also need to make it easier to access on the computer .
will give 5 star if can solve my prob of everyday have to log in order to receive any msg .
fuck cannot download because the so large . but they say error code 24 why im so sad . please help me .
like it .
nice and good .
love it .
thumb up .
pretty awesome . use for relative in china so far .
idgaf about big brother idgaf about some one birthday in a other land so the shit you send be bs and irretating if you stop that or bring in a newsletter where you should have a option to yes or no this app be fbs .
easy to use .
i have fun with this app .
love it .
i admit it be nice to use wechat communicate with other but it really have a bad service . i have contact them through different pathway but no one solve my problem . so if you want to download wechat please confirm that u will not have problem on wechat because that be no one could help you solve your problem . it be just my opinion . now may i know why my message will suddenly disappear although i didn't delete it . do you all know some message be really meaningful and important to me .
few time network connection with server lose even my network here work properly and send image or video still will crash . pls fix it up .
five star baby for this app .
when i use people nearby function it ok but my friend besides me can't detect me why .
love it .
i cant rate wit 5 star cz always mi account be block bi som1 .
no word to say , just wanna say that its awesome .
very nice .
i love this app .
after update to version 6 . 2 , i cant to allow share the music in the moment . please fix it . i really like the wechat app but ony one thing i really2 disappoint . before i cant share the anything moment from my list friend but now . its really2 make me dissapointed .
it be great .
very useful .
i love your program and offer . if it be possible to give you more star then , honestly i will rate you 10 star for sure . plz always come with new and excite offer . because you be the best only by these offer . i have tell a lot of friend about wechat . and most of them have join . thank you .
my phone hang beacause the chat .
a perfect app for evry1 .
love it .
i like it .
its good .
i love it .
fair enough to play .
i love it .
i like it but some sticker cant have it .
thank for this site .
like it .
love it .
great and easy app .
can i control the notification for individual and group differently , as it be very irritate someting for the group notification . and can i delete myself from the group rather than the creator have the control .
love it .
easier for communicate with it .
awesome , it make me crazy chat with others .
work well , easy to communicate with family in overseas .
good apps .
convenient and flexible , expect to have more feature .
i like .
good apps . but u can add something on chat .
very cool for my phone .
its the best app after whatsapp accord to my point of view .
good communication app .
love it .
i choose the pic i want to post on moment . when i click send , it just start to respond really weird . what's wrong with wechat another one be i do the same thing but i send it through a private message . it also crash . the person i be video call suddenly disappear from the corner minimize box . it do this more than once to me . pls fix that . it annoy me .
the voiceprint .
no more what's app . no more nsa .
auto remove friend contact who do remove block the user and add some date and time that the text be send receive . lastly make chat look like whatsapp beetalk other social apps that have last see on time and date and auto restore chat and sight for front camera . tq .
it's very good massager for everyone .
how to deactivate my account .
can't use it after latest update , turn off by itself after 2 3 second . wait for next update to fix it . update didn't wait and reinstall , lose all msg history .
i love it .
how to backup my chat record .
love it .
wechat tencent .
before update nothing problem happen to my phone , now all i mean sticker that i save , my favorite , moment , friend that i add , can't play video in favorite now when i press play then will tell the version be expire , and ets , i love this site weechat please solve it soon , so i can vote it for 5stars .
love it .
cant download .
why i cant sign in my own account im so piss .
every time i change the what's up its never change , still the same . fix this then i give full star .
every night it log me out and when i try to log back in its say my password be incorrect and they text me a code and when i put the code in and it still wont work .
for look around feature .
love this app .
i try more than 2 time instal for this app but it can not be instal .
i can't open my wechat when someone put me into their group . if i want to delete the group it will close by itself . after it close , i've try to open it back but it can't . it load and then close by itself . i think i have a problem with the group . that why i can't delete the group and open my wechat . i hope you'll fix it . after that i'll give 5 star . thank you .
how can a person write message in movement also how can we know a person be online or offline also how i know a chat friend be type message while i chat with him or her please improve it .
what the fuck . cant open wechat after update .
this new update i can log in at last thank wechat keep up the good work .
too huge .
bilkul bakwas app hai , i will redeem balance for a month , but , in we chat draw can not win anything , my everydays work be in water , hat this app , uninstall ,
can't update new version 6 . 2 . show error963 . please give me a solution .
i like it .
good app .
i'm back and this have be better than last time .
brilliant app , i increase the number of my chinese friend , thank to wechat .
but be sure that be a privacy .
before i complain about the miss exit button . for now , there's always a notification on the wechat icon but everytime i open it , i don't get any message at all .
always crash when choose picture to share it .
i love it because have a good massage and i love it because i can now about my friend and family .
keep clash after upgrade .
very good .
free call and free video call be not clear .
great one .
i love u wecha , i mis u wechat .
how to undo the account of the person you block tnx .
my phone hang beacause the chat .
lov w chatt .
i like it .
my phone number become invalid . it go like 63 975 and maybe it's because the app doesn't recognize those digit 0975 as valid . maybe you should fix that . uninstalled it just right after have it instal . such a nuisance .
when a memory full , the photo unable to open .
can't install back after you uninstall .
awesome app .
love it .
now wechat be fast .
it doesn't show me the code .
i cant even download it .
how to see my friend online , hope just like watsapp thank you very much if you fix like watsapp love it .
whenever i shake my phone its show no result find . i don't know what to do . in morning i shake but that time its not show like that . please help me .
be the bar .
please fix it im post the picture but not send .
the best .
i meet many people around the world , but sad to say mostly be pervert and ask u to have s x .
i kinda like this app . u just can share ur life with the otherss but the problem be it log out by itselff can u please fix this problemm .
its so good apps .
its not work on my phone .
free call and icon to mst hai re baba .
work very well .
a bite of bad experience in some thing . like you cannot forward and reverse any share video . or cannot either check the status if someone have read your message or not . overall very good performance . a lot of option still miss though .
couldn't send any picture keep stick at 0 . pls fix it as soon as possible .
cant wechat give us one chance to change our id .
hi . may i ask something . before this i have delete this wechat and i want to install back . but i cannot install . just say error url .
the best social network in the world .
very nice .
you should include a clear moment at the feature .
very good application .
like it .
add some game , more fun to the apps or so on so that the app feel more interest .
app crash under android m . fix this pls but no rush .
don't download this app . never . if you get a message that you win 250 rs that be fake because they be say to install a number of app to get that 250 rs . so they be not give money instead they be earn money not we .
i like this app .
nt able to change my profile pic since day , fix ys problem soon as possible .
good app .
love it .
be very nice to chat with people .
its very simple to use and solve your problem .
but , how cn i redeem my 250 rupee , which u gv me and u info me via msg on my m . number .
unable to change display picture and network issue with this app only .
very good .
it good .
wechat team need to stop with the constant competition spam message . the constant notification be really annoy . if you cant stop it then at least let us remove wechat team .
like it .
wow it very essential .
love it .
helpful to chat with my friend . unfortunately , i still hope it have more feature in the future . can't wait for it d .
this aap be not so good .
why in china already update 6 . 13 , but here not update and always get problem .
i like this app , vedio call be clear .
we chat very good .
this be so cool .
lol chinese product . what more could you expect .
nice app .
only fake people this not god .
good app .
so simple . put more option or something can make wechat more than chat only .
love it . easy .
please fix this problem . wechat me be not run today . cannot send message and etc . please repair .
love it .
why i can't install this app argh frustrate please help me do on this .
this be good .
for the easy way to find a new friend .
the best .
ul enjoy it as much as thousand others do .
i love it .
great app .
support wechat the best .
it's ok , but not worth it .
always get log out .
i meet my love one in here .
everytime i wanna upload or change dp or uploaf pic on moment it crash after the latest update . iy be perfectly fine b4 that . im so annoy by this pls fix it asap .
why i cant download this shit zz .
love it .
my wechat keep log out automatic and i lose all my chat history and also my sticker drive me crazy be that my phone problem .
good app .
i hate this thing can't get the verification code at all hate dis plz fix it ok .
i cannot downld the app . its need huge space .
not up to mark .
i have be wait for day but v6 . 2 be still not available on my android device . i need the new feature to transfer my chat history to a new phone . upload to the cloud server never work for me , which be super frustrate . i have trouble log into the pc version several time without any reason . my internet connection be good so i assume it's a problem with the wechat server . type long message on a smartphone be not convenient so i would rather rely on the pc version instead . also , when the message generate on a pc version be sync to my phone , they sometimes be not in the correct chronological order . it's a great app but please pay attention to detail while add more and more non essential function for user out of china .
automatic logout problem from the app .
love it .
this app be owsam that fre voice call .
since 6 . 2 update , it keep cell phone awake all the time .
lol my mother and father be have fun with this one keep it up guy .
love it chewe .
zero support . just simple faq . poor data file backup limitation . all else be perfect .
best app ever .
very helpful to keep me in touch with my family and friend in china and around the world .
i cannot a new account .
the best app .
love it .
wow great experience .
like it .
so far love all of it , esp emoticon .
its not that user friendly . also get crash .
i suggest to change the name to we shake , shake make this app unbelievable amaze .
please fit be . my wechat can't get the message from my friend . i need to uninstall and install again tobget message .
it's show me that i enter my password wrong all the time .
i have to format my device and every appllaction i have to remove include the wechat . but when i try to re install it back , it doesnt work . can somebody help me .
i personally have 3 wechat account so i want to delete my other 2 account but i'm unable to delete my old account becoz wechat doesn't have that option . i hope wechat will fix this issue asap .
impossible to create account . positive review be pay for .
very good .
nice apps .
the moment red dot disappear after the app be update even when there be new post from my friend . use to be 5 star , will change it back once this problem be fix .
good one but too slow .
i can't open my wechat when someone put it me on their group wechat . if i want to delete the group it close itself . that why i can't delete the group i hope you'll fix it . thank you .
very handy app .
remove . reinstall . still the same thing . able to send greet to people nearby but friend claim do not receive greet . unable to add people nearby . do something by fix those bug , wechat . truly disappoint .
its best .
you can't see who be active or your msg be delevered and see by the recipient .
i can't open the wechat app after i use android m .
i love this app . but i hope soon you provide more time to take a video on sight feature .
i think the development team put more onto this app than its opposition .
very good app . we chat the best .
everytime i try video call the app keep on crash . please fix this asap .
there be no option foe delete my account . my account be show d balance of 250 . bt i can't redeem it . because i have to wait for 25 june . wat d f k . because of these shit u can not be like watsap .
very good .
plz fix and be we chat go to close in india plz prevent it otherwise its useless to use andrd platform .
this be my second review . it be a great application with great potential . my wife be chinese . she be in china and this be all we use . we should be able to post video via mobile or pc . there should be an easier access to it from pc include moment . also we should be able to see all the commenters on a post even if they be not friend but share the same post . thank for your quick reply previously and your consideration to my idea . you can easily compete with facebook .
worst app . and by the way where be 250 rs credit u moron developer . liar cheater . cheap . son of bitch .
it's good in work like skype and whatsupp . voice quality be good .
good app .
i like the rchg offer of the we chat . but technically have to improve a lot .
download very . late .
not bad .
like it .
need help on this matter . how can i change my chat id otherwise i'm gonna close my account because my chat id be wrong .
it's all new face .
really useful .
open wechat group isn't respond . wtf who create bomb n plod .
get crash whenever download a sticker . use asus zenfone 2 lollpop 5 . 0 .
i love wechat because can comunicate with each other and i hope thirr can do more than this so that every people can enjoy it more fun with it .
good app .
when i video call the converter to voice call automatically . it not good .
this app be so poor .
verify use people phone need to wait until 1 day . could you make it be 12 hour only pls . im beg u .
i love this app .
i try to open but cannot .
nice app .
thumb up for this apps .
a good app .
hi there wow .
only have this instal on my phone but it say i log in from another location then when i use the forget password function it say i'm use an unofficial version and close my account and suggest i uninstall the app .
it be awesome application .
i love it .
app . be send message to my no . n show u can earn talk time by update it when i do i cant receive how to get it .
wow . but sosial .
nyc app .
new feature app really crazy .
not very good .
why cant i install it . i even get some enough space for this application still it wont work . tsktsk .
we r conected .
voice note work one main speaker . but when in ear mode . not hear any sound . on android l .
get crash whenever download a sticker .
force me to install this worst app .
dear sir i be user of wechat . i need help . there be problem , while i shake my phone , i can't find the people , it always show that no result find , try again later . so . i request u to solve these problem as quickly as possible .
nyc app .
right now my wechat always crash . can't open it anymore .
simply the best .
do get a few wierd people who cant read what a status state but other than that i have meet a few friend .
but my friend on we chat be some people .
i do not get any recharge .
coz i be get people only from india korea and bhutan . y so be there any set to contact people from all over the world by shake the phone . do reply .
nice for video call , pls add feature to view which contact be online or offline .
easy chat , easy find friend .
why video call so slow .
awesome app for voice call but eat too much data .
really good .
just hate it . why dont u repair tis app . really give me a prob . keep hang .
1 let us post video in moment via phone . 2 make a proper messenger for computer . 3 let us see what other friend comment on post .
useless app there be no option for give 0 star i hate i hate this app this be very useless app don't waste your memory .
nothing to say about app .
love . love . love .
love this app . enable me to converse with my overseas friend via translate function as i be not fluent in their language . but i need urgent help now . i can't use the voice recorder to send voice message . can someone advice .
its so good .
always logout itself and can't login back .
this be the best video app that i have use till date . the video connection work well with 3g network as compare to other apps available .
i have to install this app back . cozz this app always stop by itself . i don't know what's the problem . please help me .
really live it .
its be good when im bore .
app be good but recentaly encounter with a problem not able to find friend by shake my phone pls fix that i m use htc phone .
note star rat not adjust because of android m preview issue .
i really enjoy this app .
once improve , 5 star . 1 . make it android material design 2 . recently i've be log out frequently . 3 . sound alert on new moment notification .
good service .
i'm run android m developer preview . i cannot open wechat , it just display the splash screen and quit . please fix it .
ive instal and uninstalled this app many time and it still wont open . this problem only start after the update . please fix .
good . hehe .
i love it because this app very good .
give download please .
be this new update get crash please fix it .
need more action .
java . lang . dlopen fail cannot locate symbol evp cipherfinal reference by data com . tencent . mm app recover lib libkkdb . so .
it be nice to use this app in order to communicate with your friend .
so good . the best app ive ever see .
the app sometimes crash and stick on the earth logo . please fix it asap .
easy to communicate and update any moment i want .
need more improvement eat a lot of space n ram .
very good .
because this app can't be download at my hp .
love i . vbest chat service iv ever see .
look forward to fi d the right one .
verry good .
its awesome social sit really i love this aaps bcz i find new frnds almost .
have some crash find after update to the lastest version . please fix it and i will get full star . 29may2015 .
i be find my sweet and best friend with the help of this application . thank wechat .
i can't sign up . it's be 2 day that i'm try to sign up but it always fail . please fix it .
good feature .
great app .
i hate this app .
on android 5 . 0 , since switch to v6 . 2 , voice msg in chat always play through headset , switch to speaker do not make difference . sad .
why do i cant downliad this app it say an error accured why .
i use to be able to switch the tab to the top , now there's no way i can do it . i have on screen button and at least give us a choice .
when i scroll the sticker from right to leave , it's normal . but when i scroll the sticker from leave to right , it pop me to the other page . so annoy when i try to find sticker start from the last page .
very nice app .
the best application .
love it .
love it .
i love it .
thx becoz you mke me cn cht with anyone .
very2 good .
i just love this app from bigning .
if it can have a function to read back previous timeline post , it could be awesome .
nothing to discribe .
wechat be good to mee . i love it .
message receive after few hour be send . this be happen as least 3 4 day out of a week .
very good video call .
easy to talk i love it use this .
love it .
it be user friendly .
i like it .
love it .
my son be in china and this app work the best .
this app be for gay everyday someone or other keep texting u n send inappropriate content .
please help me . i try so many time to log in into my old account . i remember my password . i try to move on use new account and new number . but i have so many friend and chat in there . please help me . i cant log in via sms because my old number be not active . and i didnt link my account . be there anyway i can get back my old account . thank you .
i like it .
i think wechat should have geature that tell us if our friend be online or not , and our message be read or just send . i would give this app 5 star if it have those feature . thanx anyway .
auto remove friend contact who do remove block the user and add some date and time that the text be send receive . lastly make chat look like whatsapp beetalk other social apps that have last see on time and date and auto restore chat .
chat app ever .
do the other person have to have the app to .
simply love it voice call n video call be just wow talk with my friend in dubai for free and quality be also good . though call drop sometimes , but i'm sure you guy will fix it soon . and ofcourse the we reward offer . get free talk time , coupon thanx .
very good .
very good .
not show bottle drift and people nearby option in my new cel galaxy a7 .
great app bt need troll meme sticker . plus please kindly add the facility of translate post in english .
this be a awesome aplication i realy enjoy it .
love it . awesome app .
unable to load location data . go back and try again .
gud app .
why i only get chinese result from the shake feature and it say that they be 1 10 km away from me while im live in sweden .
event i use factory data reset change my password . i'm sure that my password be strong enuf . why be this happent .
i wish i could share with whatsapp , etc .
the best of chat .
this be the best app that i have ever download it need less internet .
it an amaze app for social web . i get my life partner from here . i m very happy . thank you so much wechat team . i love it . its have problem . who be come online this not see on wechat . text see and unseen option not here . however its good all over .
i have samsung s4 i9500 . after update wechat . people nearby option not available in discover . i totally disappoint to wechat and wechat team who can't help me .
not bad . my friend and my family like use this app . this app have a little problem . i hope you can fix this problem . i give you 4 start .
no code receive . no call receive .
i love this my loke .
it really good . thank for the app .
for oldversion i gift 5 star . but a new one 2 star .
i love this app .
i'm unable to add any new friend by anyway i've try everything to add a friend but it's not work from shake , people nearby , friend radar , id search or qr code , it's appear for me the message successfully send , but in fact my friend be beside me and he didn't receive the request i try by other account and it's work , but with my account it's not work what the reason and how to resolve it .
clear video call be compare to other application .
must have .
i love this app .
love this app although there be time that the voice be not good . hope i can able to see whose online or mark the msg as read . hope u can fix it .
love it .
but some thing have to be repair and upgrade so it will function without problem .
great app .
fix it .
very easy to use .
i love it .
awesome but plz avoid fake people .
it's fun .
excellent and fun way to connect with people b make new friend .
the app be take year to download .
good for use in china .
great way to keep in touch with family for free .
give me feel enjoy with app .
developer you need to get that the audio send option .
it doesnt show image . i felt like i be chat with a ghost or something . please fix .
nice app .
i like it .
i will rate 5 star if this app can record video longer and can record audio . then video and audio can be add to moment . so far , not better than whatsapp or telegram .
i just use wechat to contact my frend .
overall be good but u should reduce the size . we wnt to use but we can't uninstall our other apps . thanku .
spend quite a bite of time on this . however , when someone post a comment on one of my moment , we cannot delete the comment without delete the moment . if you could fix this , then you would be 5 star .
jxt love the app esp the video call .
please make it possible to delete our account and even modify account name .
good app .
i really like wechat but its not respond now a day i cant make a call even open it i cant why wechat be not work now whats wrong whats the matter .
love it .
i couldn't get my wechat notification to my samsung gear fit . need help .
apps be the all good app .
poor message app . how come after such a long time , you wechat team still can't get the basic function right the time stamp of the message be the time when the message be receive , rather than when the message be send .
i put on an old number on my acc but i didnt put an email . after i log out of my acc and log in again it say verify my email or number but my old number doesnt work anymore please remove the verification feature so i can log into my account asap . thank you .
love wechat for send file and chat with eachother .
the people nearby on my wechat be not work . pls help me fix it . thank . previous version work perfectly for me .
video chat be good addition .
message function work fine . but voice call finction crash sometimes .
so easy but sometime lazy to find member .
i'm tvc model and freelance singer from malaysia . i'm ceriapopstar4 buddy .
wow . but sosial .
5 star .
moto g .
try darken the green colour of chat conversation . old colour be bore .
try to make a moment and select some pic to upload but then it crash . get really annoy with it . fix it devs . that be some annoy problem when you can't select nor upload any pic in your moment , change profile picture .
i can't use people nearby feature , since the app always say can't load your location frequently . fix it .
i love it .
awesome app .
i love it .
support more then it can get better .
its bed app . time pass app .
very nice app for chat , voice call ofcourse for video call .
nice app .
i like .
why i can't download this apps .
why when i have video call it must be green on the other people screen , hate that .
very good .
it get many bug . i do tell them , but no one fix .
wyh i add my friend i'd it be a limit . please fix .
i like it .
wechat have cooler simileys compare to whatsapp . love it .
easy to find people .
like it .
lovely apps .
nice app .
i can talk to my mom clearly , so download it now .
nice app .
i have problem to receive message . sometimes i just go out from wechat if anyone send me message its not receive automatically . if i open 2 or 3 hour later then the message start receive . other apps be ok whatsapp , viber or imo . my gf be very angry sometimes i be not reply her . please fix this .
hat it .
i'm have an issue in htc 526g . there be no option to search for people nearby .
always show unfortunately . tencent please fix my app . if you fix i give you 5 star .
love it .
i'm not sure what to say about this app .
like it .
should be able to delete and create new under one number .
be gonna take a long time to succesfully when i send greet to people nearby . please fix i love wechat .
i love it .
it keep say no memory card . but my phone detect memory card . idk why wechat keep say no memory card . i cannot open my moment at all . always keep make new kind of problem . wechat also take alot of space in my meory card .
it be very good and convenient app for chat .
i cant open the apps . and the notification unfortunately , wechat have stop keep appear on my screen . really annoy and bother me , pls fix it soon .
this spam app send auto friend request to all your contact in your phone . hand off and now i can't delete my account .
chat with my wife in china . wish i could save the entire log to a word document .
it's a fake app . do not work .
i love this app .
love it .
the recent update have ruin video call . it have glitch for both audio and video fee , please fix this xperia z2 .
i use this everyday to talk to my girlfriend who live in china . i really like the walkie talkie feature or i get to hear her voice and she get to hear mine .
love it .
what the fish . hoho i love wechat bcause i can chat with my dear . so good .
need more improvement such as deliver report . always update but nothing improve . no more 5 .
this apps help communication with my work . excellent .
nice app really love it .
this be design user friendly .
this be nice app .
i love it .
run so slow in lollipop , please fix it .
need to improve to make fast reception .
i still can't log in . i have be wait for log in a few hour ago . crap .
i really enjoy use it . i do suggest that wechat give the option of switch camera on the sight feature when you send video clip . that way we can send video selfies .
i can chat , call and voice chat with friend , really love it .
very cool .
run fast and solve my moment concern always hang on at there . thank . i love this version .
wonderful app . use it everyday to communicate with my friend .
after update cant open at all . pls fix it . tq .
i love to use wechat very2 much because there be no problem at wechat .
i love this app . especially the new video feature .
very nice .
please fit be . my wechat can't get the message from my friend . i need to uninstall and install again tobget message .
very nice to chat it me now . i should so good app .
awesome app .
every time i use wechat my phone freeze for at least 5 second , and it's be get worse . not sure why it use up so much ram , it's a chat app not a game for pete's sake .
all the wechat user be not so free frank .
i can manage to see my wife in another place .
it's fantastic and really have fun .
there be nice platform we can share everything and make a good friend .
i like .
it's awesome so convenience in all of my communication .
i canot use my voice call and video call .
love it .
great app .
dose not work . f ck we chat .
i love it .
i don't use wechat very often , but when i do , i like it that i can talk instead of type each letter at a time .
i just wish that user can get more sticker daily . especially the cute one like from the line app .
i hate when group member change the group name frequently with foul word pls add admin only privilege to change the name .
totally winner .
number shld appearcso ww know who it be .
i like this application but there should be an option for premium call like line .
when you will release wechat with material design we love material design . please make it . love you .
can you reducce the file size .
superb i love it i moor use wechat .
before update . i can log in my another wechat account . now i can't . hate it .
i still can't log in . it's be a long while since i'm use this apps and i get use to it now that i always use it this problem come and i can no longer log in even have so much time open the apps .
hope wechat team can make like a share video or song at moment for easy way .
very nice .
love it .
its so easy to use .
why i cant open my wechat i download it n uninstalled it like a thousand time but i still cant open it , it keep say wechat be not respond . please fix it .
i can't open my account . when i try to open , it will auto exit . gr .
very good .
now go to use it . hope it will be great .
i love it . nice and enjoy .
hope next update wechat team can make . if someone send a broadcast messege the text colour can be different .
how to see my friend online , hope just like watsapp thank you very much if you fix like watsapp love it .
everything about this app be great . the only problem be it take a while to load .
i love wechat because communication wechat very good .
it keep crash like over million time a day . what the hell with this apps . please fix it immediately because my level of patience be gonna blow .
it suddenly log out itself when i switch mobile data to wifi while i open we chat and then i think log in with a correct password then keep fail and after than he say what too many operation . wtf .
play store .
easiest way to keep in touch with chinese friend when i'm in america and my american friend when i'm in china . no issue send picture . call go through fine and haven't drop for me ever . best sticker selection out of all message apps i've try .
very good .
convenient keep me update i'm enjoy everything about wechat .
very good .
love it .
v6 . 1 . say its the latest wont update .
i can't receive any message or notification while i didn't open wechat log in only i can receive message when i open it . what happen i already restart my phone many time but still the same . solve it please .
the best app ever .
efficient easy , versatile communication and with a cheeky strip down social medium fee . kill what's app .
love it .
i download it many time but it keep say that the download be unsucessful it suck .
i want delete my account . how can i delete it .
the sight can't be watch due multiple time download fail . overall my connection data be excellent . plz fix it .
great app .
sometimes when i open my wechat , it automatically help me log out and i always think someone log in my account with other phone . please fix it .
the ui for the newest update be smooth , voice call be also pretty decent but call get drop 2 3 time in a 15 minute conversation . the latest update also cause single biggest battery hog for any app ever in my phone . even google play service couldn't hold a candle to what you guy have do . battery consumption for the app now average at over 60 , and the phone regularly heat up alarmingly , to over 40 c from time to time . please fix these issue asap . i be use the xperia zr android version 4 . 4 . 4 .
please fit be . my wechat can't get the message from my friend . i need to uninstall and install again tobget message .
love it .
great app .
why no one can't see me in people nearby .
if the display can be rotate to wide , it would be awesome . please upgrade .
i think this app kind of good , but i think its take a lot of storage .
i can not update for new wechat , why .
this app will not yet launch on android m .
i love it because i can chat my husband .
i only use we chat with one friend , than change my phone , i reset my password via email to my email address . i enter my phone number and enter the verification code send to my phone . isn't that enough secure again ask to select 3 friend out of picture i never saw . or use 3 telephone number of we chat friend . i only have one i use it with till now .
it always crash only on this device when i update .
i cant change my what's up . please fix it .
i like it .
nice apps .
hope will b a good app .
like this .
improve . but still eat too much memory . redundancy .
why doesn't work front camera when take sight for short flash video , please fix these .
since this new update i keep get card error every few minute . its extremely irritate . error message .
why be my motorola atrix 2 can't play any sight from others anymore just after download it 5 day ago , it start to crash . rat only 2 star . huh .
i love this app .
i think whatsapp can learn a lot from wechat . android wear on lg watch always say i'm not log in so i can't send anything from it .
pervert every where lol .
very good .
we have 120 million persian farsi speaker worldwide and million of them use viber . you have add farsi language before but take it of later . we get 13 million jewish people and you get jewish language there . similarly we have around 5 million croat and you get their language on your app . why be that if such thing continue we will have a campaign and encourage everyone to use viber , line , skype or tango etc .
i love it .
how i can delete my account from wechat tell me plz .
best app .
i love it can find many friend for me i love it so much this be the best app ever .
it alqays stick in my phone . everytime i'm opene it stick . fuck u we chat .
this app make me crazy . i really2 love it .
could do with some improvement . such as fast forward a message to quarter and sometimes when im on a call via headset , it sometimes change itself to speaker mode which bring a shock to my ear .
i love it .
nice app .
the app keep sign out itself frequently no matter when it run at background or open . 3 to 4 time in an hour .
good app .
the order switchtabpos have some bug , so i gusee you guy just forbid to fix it , wow .
its so best .
so , i love this app but it's the second time i have thise problem . some of the picture i try to send get stick on 98 and then fail to send the first time i reinstall wechat and it work but i lose all my message history , which suck cuz i have inportant message on there . support team , you could also fix something about the backup data suff cuz it's stupid , i would use facebook messenger all the time as it have none of these problem but i won't . please fix it . at least the pic one .
knnot open .
make some folder name tencent that cannot be delete . all file in the folder name long . u can delete but it take an hour or day to delete even it just 1mb . fyck .
shoot time to short .
my phone number become invalid . it go like 63 975 and maybe it's because the app doesn't recognize those digit 0975 as valid . maybe you should fix that . uninstalled it just right after have it instal . such a nuisance .
easy to get along with my friend .
i can't open wechat . try open several time but it just crash pls fix .
easy to know people .
it doesn't work at all , just keep say please connect your phone .
i just love this update .
reduce memory please . if u fix it , i give 5 star . tq .
i keep send a message to wechat ask that why my image be up side down when i make a video call w fds , still nobody help .
i know this be a special case , but i update to android m and wechat do not work . if this be something on the app side that can be update , please do and i'll raise it back to 5 star .
update trouble download photo . i have share with friend on chrome and other apps before on my lg g3 but i lose those button when wechat update .
this version work awesome .
hey , i just update my phone to android m announce yesterday . and i find i cannot launch we chat anymore . can you guy put up a fix for this .
i enter my phone number , it say phone number doesn't exist . pls solve it .
love it .
i like .
i love it i can send pic and video . thank for this app i very love it .
please update signal for people online in wechat time and date . and upgrade to upload mp3 to the moment .
i give 5 star for wechat . amaze app .
i've be have trouble send pic , it keep get stick at a certain percentage and doesn't send successfully . at first i think it's because i have an older version , but when i update to the newer version , it's still the same problem . i can't send photo , please fix it soon .
dito ko nakilala si forever eh .
love it .
i love it .
why my wechat account keep on log out by itself i have change my password but still the problem exist .
i hate its so buggy .
app be good the only prob be it should b able to find people locally as well .
some of my sticker be miss , what be the problem i didnt delete it help me solve it .
all that i can say be wechat have improve a lot .
this app . it's very good for communication with friend . so fast and fun .
be a good place to text .
one of the best apps here in android . keep it up .
to add contact there be no people nearby option please fix it or add this .
i love it .
why i update my wechat to latest one n it become not to function i have delete n install it bck still the same can operator fix it fast .
best app ever .
i love wechat .
great way to communicate . very fast .
very good system , work in china perfectly , great way to contact world wide .
to lousy , need more upgreaded , but not affect to tab s .
why my chat not receive the real time pls fix .
its become nice and smooth since the 6 . 1 update .
what happen to the share moment from other apps , its go .
work great .
great app . creative team .
hey buddy i want to delete my beetalk please help to get out of this . i be thankfull to you .
love this app .
i like it .
i cant share song at the moment . cant play file favourite .
do you even test it before push it out . the latest updaye do nothing but kill the app . i can't open any chat window now , the position of the hold to talk go up to the top and the chat box disappear . nice job .
it's great but it doesn't work properly at time . i have to close the application and again start it .
all ok but its make my fon slow please fix and repair this assap .
for some reason it stop me from be see in nearby .
not that bad buy u will try it still .
won't let me sign up ask for verification code through phone message didn't receive one try email and be tell can't in my area waste of time .
this app be great but block person system be not good .
easy to use for s4 .
but need innovation .
its be enjoy .
great app .
excellent tool for communicate wit my chinese friend .
old we chat it's better than new . ah .
very fine to chat and send pic and share view .
i love it .
best of the best .
i'm like this app but can you give me a chance to change my id please ihope you can understand me please .
love this app .
if only you use material design .
discover option not work .
nice app .
i so happy when this wechat be new update .
i can't see people nearby me . and can't even add people too . fix it .
it work great .
the app keep lock me out of my account . it keep say that i'm log in with an unofficial version of we chat and i cannot recover the account via the account recovery option . i have try uninstalling and re instal twice now but same thing keep happen . thoroughly frustrate . i only use it for 2 day to communicate with someone in china since hangout be block there . i'm give up on this stupid app , there be other message apps put there .
thank you .
i love wechat .
i can't find the game gift tile .
i like it .
good apps .
so easy and fun to keep up with my daughter away at camp .
i'm really nice . thats why i rate 4 star . hehe .
nice place to meet ur lively one .
i love it .
after i reinstall my wechat , i can't see my name and profile picture . this happen both in my note 4 and a7 .
wechat sight its just for ten second . please extend the time .
i like it very much .
love it so much .
very good for connect the people .
nice application i love this allocation .
i flash out androidm for nexus 5 then it couldn't start anymore .
like that you can video call .
one of the best apps here in android . keep it up .
i like it .
after update 6 . 2 version , wechat stop work suddenly and lose all my chat history even backup be work for 7days and suddenly close if profile tab or profile picture be open . work team , please resolve this bug .
love it .
cool app .
thx very much because u make i get a girlfriend with this app .
good one to use .
hihi wish u feel great .
love it .
i like .
when i'm on voice or video call always stop not respond please try to fix it .
i bore without pencil pilot .
wechat help me to gain my relationship .
get crash everytime ill try to open .
because of your application now i can chat with my boyfriend . thank you .
dude its like facebook but . more than then facebook ever .
not bad .
when i open the bluetooth , wechat couldn't work and disappear . i have to turnoff my bluetooth , but i want to connect my moto 360 .
plz give delete account in setting , if want to close wechat application .
akash p .
its very easy to use . and very popular .
i find your wechat app suck do pull the app from google play store , try instal on my android phone . after attempt to log in i get message that i have unauthorized version wtf idiotic i try to verify via text msg when switch between msg app and wechat the confirmation screen be lose . again , idiotic what do i do now .
i love this .
its awsm all in one app i love this app .
auto kill when i launch . fix please .
what the . i can't log in . after i log out , i want to log in back but it can't . please fix it .
have some crash find after update to the lastest version . please fix it and i will get full star . 29may2015 .
verry hard to upload and download video .
do what it say .
i love it .
love it .
i like it .
i like it .
it's ok for a good thing be that the best of all time in the world and the other hand be the most important of all of this year in which he have the most important .
nyc app .
connect with friend worldwide .
i like it because you can chat .
preety cool .
why cant i send any video via we chat i do it few month ago but now i cannot do that .
i think with a last see , wechat will be better . really hope this function in wechat .
nice apps .
we chat .
good app .
for some reason , my wechat keep log out by itself and say session time out . in addition , i can't enable account proteection .
why i can't open my we chat . i have try many time but still can t . fix it .
this be so cool .
just ok .
so easy to content with my hubby .
plaese pass the install .
i instal this wechat app from google play store , why keep say it be an unofficial version and close my account it happen twice already in just 2 day , now i can not log in to my account again , i be very angry and will never use it again .
work as advertise .
dear wechat team . please add mute mic button while video call .
very good .
i can't deactivate my account .
i cant change my name how many time i try , this be the only reason that bother me . remove this bug i will rate this app 5 star .
i love waechat it work great .
another way have fun with frenz .
i'm very angry why wechat automatic log out n delete all my conversation sticker too all my personal record go .
i receive an upgrade to 6 . 3 two day ago and i have be disconnect from my friend and can't reconnect . it start out great but now it's utterly useless .
my mom be not a fan of new technology but when i introduce wechat to her she so love it and she use it all the time to find me . we be thousand of mile away but don't feel that far any more with wechat .
i like it .
do not launch in android m , crash immediately .
its cool .
nice app .
i want we chat to connect wd my friend .
its an lovely app .
the easy and fast way of send message . and talk to my love one .
it be very useful application for massage .
good app .
5 star .
this app be so good hope evrey body get it .
great technology . i love to use wechat . i already recommend to all my friend . i always in touch with my love one . thank wechat team .
very good .
why i cant sign up a new account i just by a new number and every time i try it always say invalid number please fix this prob .
like it .
can't share anything to wechat .
nice app .
awwsome . i love this apps so very muchh .
please fix it . i wan the old we chat back . this let me feel so disgust , cause when i type the word aren't same so bad . moment when i slide to fast it will go other page . too bad . bad and bad . fix it please .
one of the greatest chat program to people nearby i have ever use .
please make last see like whatsapp please . so i know who's online or not . please upgrade wechat make last see .
it's really a nice app . if you have a group , you can enjoy it extremely . so download this app and make friend and do whatever you want to do man .
it's not take my emial . i have give 2 to 4 email but its not take anyone . and it's very unsecure . it's very bad . yuck .
absolitely top notch message up 10 the only little thing be that it would be nice to know a list of trigger word for the confetti .
like this app . its gouod app . but want some facility because this app require more data .
its good .
it's the best .
utter waste app . app isn't workin since update to 6 . 0 version . app isn't workin its just get back to home screen .
it would be a great app if last see and online status of friend can be see i would rate it 5 star if it do show lsst see of the user .
overall be good . enjoy use chat moment . but please ensure all notification for new message will be notify on time in order for recipient respond on time . thank you .
i think it be nice app .
nice app .
75 . 64 mb be u kid , coc be only 55 . 73 mb . come on , and lag everytime log in .
like it .
i like this .
great , flawless app . love the option to send full picture , the easy to use voice note and the numerous animate emojis be great .
sometimes i can't change the cover pic .
its better than before . samsung can see more apple s emoji . if samsung user's cover photo can see full image 1 its more better .
about to try it .
well i've be use this app since many year its a wonderful app but i don't know why recently it won't let me change my background chat . please fix it .
lovely apps .
ok but not good .
everything u need for communication be here .
too many pervert thats my problem . but i like the app . seriously .
people nearby be not work even if my location be turn on . why be it haappening .
this be 6 . 1 and not 6 . 2 . supposedly , 6 . 2 be advertise as be out now , but google play store only have version 6 . 1 . please fix this discrepency . thank you .
i need . help how . to . open . my . old wechat . the . phone number . be . lose .
first of end , it's the best social app ever .
it need a little update and add of additional feature .
otherwise it be good .
too much update bro .
very popular in asia . specially i'm china . lot off fiction , very useful . would like to recommend to everyone .
why i can't enter this app why .
always tell me to check if the watch be connect and wechat account be login , i just can't open it on my lg watch r , and it take a lot of battery power after connect to watch .
since the latest update . all the picture inside moment be slowly load even i be have a pretty good connection .
the password can only put 9 word i dont support the new update i cant log in my wechat .
i could not think of anything else which be better than skype . i like skyping but after download we chat its incredibly good . the app be frequently use by me gradually i stay in front of my phone all day , open we chat hehe .
how to see which friend online which offline .
i like wechat .
but sometimes we cant understand the sound , so annoy me , pls fix it ,
great application . easy to manage .
it's great .
i love it .
video call .
good but where video in momment .
always keep crash when use together with my andriod watch .
its a nice app . i like it very much .
why i can not share a video from youtube .
this be beautiful .
i lykit its wow .
i like it .
great . but can't video call .
it's nice app .
it's be good have fun .
sony xperia z .
why i can't download this application
but , i still hope that atleast we can see the status of our friend , whether they be online or offline .
very nice .
very bad response no people near by in this app no update .
very good .
like it .
app for me . not more interest on this feature . but overall its good .
its okay .
easy to use .
can't use web wechat .
like it .
it always crash on my nexus 5 recently . android 5 . 1 i guess it be due to the new version of android webview .
simply the best .
wechat tencent .
i'm use vivo x5 and it be a build in memory phone . now i'm face a problem which i can't access to any picture , moment , or sound . notification state that no memory card find but it's already few month i'd be use it and it be perfect until today . please help me out of this thank you .
it be so cool .
very good .
great medium to stay connect with friend and family member .
why my wecht always say session timeout n logout it self .
video be clear and no hang up but why the audio in my tab lenevo doesn't work . i can't hear from other side or vice versa . help .
great feature .
gud app .
i love it .
do you even test it before push it out . the latest updaye do nothing but kill the app . i can't open any chat window now , the position of the hold to talk go up to the top and the chat box disappear . nice job .
message cannot share in this app after update . previosly no problem . others app icon can be see except wechat icon . plz fix . thank .
i have to be able and with the best way . thank for your help with this site .
memory usage too big . please fix it . if u fix it , i give 5 star . tq .
great app for communicate with people everywhere .
easy to use .
great app .
very good app .
its good bfore but i can't open my apps .
best way to communicate with friend across the globe .
love it .
why i cant't download i hate it . please fix this problem as soon as posible .
hop for more feature .
every time i send voice message , it sound like the way dvd stick .
love it .
best app ever much better than what's app .
msg timestamp be not real time , it be hard to identify when be a msg send .
cause i can , t see what my friend post in sight .
tell me how to read message when the input bar be on the top of the screen and the remain part be the conversation list .
love the nearby functionality .
nice update , no headache for me , a cave man like myself find happiness here , job 1 .
love it .
must download it .
though its still new try it .
i can't hear any voice note that i'd receive . please fix it .
i give it 4 star coz i believe there still space for improvement . maybe add on translation for chinese into english .
its keep log out by itself . it say someone log in my account at another place . but i already change my password for a many time and it still do the same damm thing .
nice , fun way to keep in touch with friend and family . easy picture share and much more .
this be the worse one i've see so far . i download it and this shit doesn't open . well guess what screw you .
i really luv it . it easy to use .
latest version suck i cant update moment and bug up please fix older version be much better .
love this application .
this be a good app but would like to be able to see if the message be read by recipient .
but be unable to see the near by friend option and bottle drift option please suggest me .
it's good .
i love it and need tamil group channel how to do it .
great app .
great feature and easy to use .
very good .
still cannot see other people comment ib my friend phot or status .
i love it .
the new version be incompatible with android wear keep crash when connect to smart watch .
how to delete account .
very helpful to keep me in touch with my family and friend in china and around the world .
would give this 5 star , if i be able to flip the screen .
love it .
wechat such a great way to be in touch with my family who now live so far away .
whatever it be , i love this app , i meet my wife here .
newer version have a lot of improvement , would be nice if we can share video on moment . actually i would love to see moment in a separate area , rather than under discovery , maybe make moment all by itself for easier access . also maybe rename it something else like social or something like that .
the add translation feature be fantastic .
it can help in void conferrencing .
good app .
easy to talk with friend and family .
great . i love it .
love it .
chat history backup still suck .
like it .
this be so lovely .
its good .
share home life with a friend halfway around the world with this app , and it be solid . extremely clear voice call . picture and a nice grow selection of emos , along with voice message . haven't do the video . more of a personal thing with me . but this app have one . and overall i'd recommend try wechat .
really love this app .
love it .
i would advertise for wechat . i love it . i work with people in another country and one of my closest friend live half a world away . this have be amaze .
try several browser , wechat be no longer on the share via list of any of them chrome , dolphin , firefox , etc . what's wrong with the newest update still not fix with 5 26 uodate .
its get everything i need . no complaint .
it keep force close again and again , after it crash while update .
an extremely stupid meaningless application that you must use it on the way it direct you not provide what you suppose to have .
automatically log out i'll give y0u better rat when this new 0ne be g0od . haven't try this one yet .
it's wonderful app , look for it long time , keep it up , thank .
its better than before . samsung can see more apple s emoji . good .
how to delete my wechat account .
deliverd message late sometimes . rest its good . wd rate five star if add camera plugin though .
very good tool .
this be cool app .
can not join the chat . can not open chat interface . can not use wechat anymore . pls fix it .
love it .
instead of make me turn my 16 9 device into a 9 16 screen , fix the app so it can run in landscape view , and you might get a higher rat .
the what's new be the same for the last 3 update . so nothing new .
the best thing .
i like wechat .
every time i open an app , the wechat app launch and interrupt the app i be use . it give this message , which i do not know what it mean . so can you please fix it . every time i open especially a message app , this thing open by it self .
like it .
good for the developer .
its free .
it nice for communication wit my all friend even oversis .
message read and user online or not feature require .
i find out i cant know if my msg av be read or not . or know when a friend be online . pls fix dat now .
love it .
the most powerful social network tool .
can not be share from 3rd apps .
enjoy the emoji , voice clip record , and everything else . one con be that it have hard time to play attach video .
who be online don't show .
it be great app . and it be fantastic .
just a few day update . not respond at all .
im sorry but i cant open my wechat acc .
can not be share from 3rd apps fix .
1 . eliminate slide to back gesture 2 . chat bug due to switchtabpos code 3 . other bug 4 . material design please disappoint update .
i want share some song at mine moment . but i cant .
very good and convenient social apps , brilliant feature and easy hand on even my father also good with it .
eat too much memory . redundancy . cannot share link or other thing directly .
great apps and i use it everyday xd .
easy to use and enjoy chat .
i love this app . picture and sound be clear . better than other app .
wechat be awesome .
for send greet send option be not work and save button send button doesnt wrk . and dont have drift bottel option in discover more .
why i cant upload my new profile picture . please fix it .
nice application .
best app ever .
simply superb .
can't live without it .
nice app .
love it .
nice app .
it be very good app for video chat .
it really intersting .
i alwayz love it .
my account always be hack always ask password , but i never log out my account . how to solve it .
i like this app .
i like it .
but not as good as whatsapp .
wechat wow nice app .
please implement material design and make the app faster .
why i can't even change my profile pic and my cover pic and i also can't update a picture i already update a new version and the problem didn't solve i think you should fix it cause with what i read at the other people comment , they app be also have a problem . please . i'm beg you . please fix it .
love it .
dear wechat team . please add mute mic button while video call .
click a people then will float the input box on the top . only input box please fix it . if you cant use it try to input testupdate in any chat . wechat will crash and then reopen it , your wechat will be good now .
hi . my name in group be not appear . please help .
accessibility at ease .
old photo cant reload anymore .
video chat from we chat i like it verymuch .
plz add it and also improve voice call quality . its very poor after update .
waste of time waste the data .
we chat have be bring out virus that reformat all my database in the phone . now , i have lose all my important data .
before you apply material design .
on the latest update .
make way for user to see their old post and picture easily , plea , so tht they didnt have to scroll down .
i love it .
good software .
i always get to chat my friend .
make it better . i mean hmm . some of the sight may use flash light to get better resolution . cheer up wechat .
it would be a good app , if it could be kill without automatically restart and if it require only one or two permission . well design and stable .
be use wechat when it launch , i guess i would name this the best cross platform chat app , nice one tencent .
best app .
easy to use it .
very good application .
i like .
texting and hang out .
i love .
download the app .
i can't seem to find wechat among the app to share link from any app . be work flawlessly before . pls sort this out .
i be not able to login . what's the use of this app then .
nice apps .
add long sight video please . p .
yes . soper app . i like this app .
i would give moon than star .
since the recent update it keep log me out and i have to keep log back in that's very annoy .
i can only view some shit thats live around me . now shake limit only uo to 100 mile . i use wechat for connect with various people all over the world . if this problem be not solve i be gonna uninstal this app .
can't upload the image and can't send the picture . please fix it as soon as possible cause this app be great .
nice app .
best upgrade with moment translation .
anyone love wechat .
keep auto logout my account . so annoy .
nice application .
get crash whenever download a sticker .
it be good for contact with people .
i love it .
i like .
try several browser , wechat be no longer on the share via list of any of them chrome , dolphin , firefox , etc . what's wrong with the newest update .
so far .
can anybody else teach me how to use it . thank you .
what have happen to the font size the size on the part when you type be too small but still end up bigger when send . maybe you can just make a grid , so user can customize the font size base on their preference and hopefully the font size on of the message send and the one on the type box will be same .
i wish there be a button to click when i want to delete all of my past moment . i've be use wechat since 2013 and since then i prefer use wechat rather than facebook . its hard to delete all of them 1 by 1 . give this and i will give 5 star .
it be much easy use that i can communicate with my friend .
the font size get smaller after the last update .
we chat .
great tool with simple , clean , and fast interface . when i be in china this blow away any other communication tool .
i have be use wechat for more than 2 yrs now and it have be smooth all these while until 2 week ago . i m not sure what be wrong but my incoming message be come in super late . the latest incident just happen moment ago . a friend of mine texted me yesterday but the text just get in now . this be get a bite of annoy as certain message that come in this morning be quite important . please advice help .
function not work , please fix it . thank .
the best of all .
great app with a lot of cool feature but occasionally i will receive no notification then when i open the app i have 45 or so miss message and i have completely miss a conversation .
its keep on crash and sometime its stick on a guy while watch earth . please help me . want to play wechat .
update to lolipop and app stop work .
i love it .
those people be so free . do nothing to them they report me . wechat just block me on look around . just sell thing to customer . who need be contact . no annoy them . but then now can't even appear on look around . what the point to use this anymore facebook and instagram be much better .
i can chat with my friend and make my own moment d .
please make an update for wechat theme , or make a set to change the colour . and i will rate 5 .
the best .
love it .
i cant search any friend by people nearby .
why do it keep log me out every 10 minute .
very nice application .
this be awesome .
i don't get notify about message when app be not open or run in the background .
so much better in every way .
i love it .
every time i open an app , the wechat app launch and interrupt the app i be use .
how come user s chat record photo and summore keep miss all time .
can't sign up use my gmail email address , and no verification code be send to my phone . it keep show i can't sign up at my location , which be unite state .
awwsm way to make a new n good frnds .
whenever update many function disappear . video post in group broadcast , individual vanish . also broadcast do not allow any web link . all these be fully negative compare to telegram , what's app . use to communicate with only chinese as nothing else work when in china . suspect spy strongly because of chinese govt take privacy data of everyone of the world .
connect app .
good apps in video call any network .
it be work fine few day ago and now i cant install it . plz fix .
get more update and more inform people arround .
i don't like how it notify me with suggestion to add people . there seem to be no set to turn this off without turn off message notification . also , can't see when people have read a message , or when they be type .
my phone get restart . i need to reinstall my wechat , but when i already instal it wid the new version , it wont open pls do fix .
sometimes this application cannot run and make me feel angry . need more update and blablabla . what the hell .
it take a really long while to load image after the latest update .
i be use wechat for the last 2 yrs but recently i have face the issue for shake option . no result be find after shake .
i love it .
fix this then will give back 5 star .
love it .
since this update i've lose access to moment , contact and other menu . can no longer send photo or add or remove feature . in short nothing work .
the best wc i use .
i rate this app moderate beacause it give only 3rs for instaaling .
the best apply .
i like version before this where log in much more simple . this version take a long way to change account .
i have download it becuz i have get rupeez in earn talk tme .
like this application .
i've read the review , seem like it's better for me to skip this update .
i like it , thank a lot .
love it .
amaze experience so far i recommend this .
my girl friend be so beautiful when i see her in we chat . wow so amaze i also can kiss my girlfriend .
what i think it's dark , but i'm wrong because it's so fine very lighty . install this guy if you want special .
love this .
love it .
i have be use this app for at least 4 year and i still love it , the new update the log in use voice print omg love it cuz it work perfectly keep the update come guy .
the best .
seriously , i never receive any new incoming message , ever . not until i literally open the app by myself and leave it open in my recent apps menu the new message even contain more than a day come on , fix the app .
its use a lot of bactery when im use this app . and its make my phone no space . fix it . n i'll give u 5 star .
please upgrade this application in the future . tq .
i love it .
work perfect for me .
hate the new wechat .
good app .
nice app .
i use wechat to stay in contact with love one while in china . i like it so much that i use it when i come back home . i love the idea of record your message as oppose to type it .
the app be not as interest like facebook or whatsapp .
i think it will be better to notify us if our friend already uninstall wechat , because my friend already uninstall , i keep send message and call , i be wonder why he never reply but after that he tell me that he uninstall already .
video call doesn't support on 2g network .
meet new friend be awesome on we chat .
its kind funny you know couse i find my bae use this app tq iqmal .
the font size get smaller after the last update . and even i choose large size it still nothing change .
easy apps to use .
im so sorry that i complain about this wechat apps , now its get ok . thank you wechat team .
hi . i want to ask why i cannot do sight even i updatey wechat . cn u guy help me with it . plzz . tq .
i can't search people around .
currently , if mute notification be on , it will not show incoming new chat message in home screen notification centre . please consider to change the feature to inform new message in mute similar to what whatsapp be offer , the notification will come in but won't ring .
very good .
very good .
this app be like a fake app totly waste of time .
after update . latest notification will not show immediately . in app few time just show the new message .
i like this apps very much .
slow conection .
i update my wechat yesterday and it cant be open until now . damn it pls fix it asap .
love it .
the best app .
good apps .
i've find a lot of excitement while use this application tq .
the new version be incompatible with android wear keep crash when connect to smart watch .
very good work than videoo call .
nice application . even slow network work good .
very good .
keep in touch .
very good .
hi . my name in group be not appear . please help .
why i must have sd card to see everyone photo .
how can i fix this .
be there be any way to leave a group chat i can't find it , try to long tap , slide , check all the setting . seem like no way .
even though most of my family and friend have whatsapp . this overall be much better .
it's drive me crazy , cannot be open and automatically log out my account .
use it .
very bad . wallet give but tell new app download and add ur bank detail . dear all plz dont download that its waste of time . and hack your bank detail i think .
very good .
i love this .
i love it .
i love it .
love it .
i like we chat rather than line , coz small in data , responsive , no add , ton of free premium gif stikers not like line to much add , heavy app make it slow , bore oldish sticker , nothing free premium sticker wtf .
can't use it after latest update , turn off by itself after 2 3 second . wait for next update to fix it .
why wechat cannot send music to friend . please fix it .
it's a great app to contact anyone with its speed but then i'm have a problem in receive the picture my friend send me . it always show unable to download image but i'm sure that my network be work fine . please solve this because it be really drive me nut .
how do i save a sight please reply immediately thank you .
whenever i shake my phone most of the people talk offensive , vulgar word and i block some of them but still some block people send message to me that be so annoy also i report but still no action be take and the block user be also messeging please do something about this and please reply .
i can't open my wechat . if i open there show error .
love it .
the voice quality of d app be poor smtimes n video call be also nt wrking prply . only chat n other feature be good .
when i type some thing and send it be not go to frnd plzz solve the problem .
should have a design makeover with material design .
complicate . update . easy to use .
nic it be veary good way off talk i love it .
its really cool . i enjoy it .
be very good service of wechat .
i love it .
nice very useful for video call and vice call .
good app .
very nice app .
you tell wicket can redeem for recharge paytm but not in offer .
its look simple . but still in gujarat its not so famous .
very good app .
yes , this be very good and necessary apps . just sometimes we cant share any song or video file directly from sd card . except , all be well .
it's great .
i move to australia and now i can't change my number .
application ever .
i really don't understand why wechat team make this android app look same as ios . why you don't refer to android's design standard . it's beautiful on ios , but it be not on android . please , make it a more android like app . for functionality , qq be much more easy use than wechat . please keep up work wechat team .
i have update wechat try today but cannot open at all since update .
i'm use xiao mi note , juz instal this app , but after install i can not find the sticker to down load . even the sticker word oso don't have appear . before that i'm use iphone 6 , be ok . pls slove it . thx .
there be an automatic pop up message say that the doesn't work after recent update . i don't know what be it and i don't need this service . i have no clue how i can get rid of it it's just so annoy that keep pop up all the time .
i have no friend on we chat make easy friend find like facebook .
please do not download this app . when i be download this app it stop automatically . it say that we chat be not respond . i will go to give 0stars for this app .
as during d vedio call d voice break n r not able to catch d talk wat others r talk its be dislike by all now a day so soon solve dis voice call bug .
video call quality be too gud .
why i use3 day then wechat already can't connet internet .
very nice app .
good videocalling .
be use wechat for a long time , however after the latest update , the phone keep read my bus card and the pop up be too irritate . just wonder will that be any security issue as the phome automatically pick up card information . will have to uninstall this app if this continue .
i have samsung s5 . this update suck . i can't message anyone unless they message me first , i can't go into setting , i can't access any discover feature include moment , i've lose all my emoji , i can't use any feature like voice video call . this be a terrible update . still no response from the app developer .
but i not already try this app .
easy to use .
what's wrong with it for unable to access the network when i switch from wifi to my own mobile data i be able to send message but i can't receive anything from other user .
thank you for this app .
i remove and instal the app quite a few time . it still wont work . it open for a second then immediately close up on me .
it's just great . i have notice no bug what so ever . my business be do well because of this app .
i think wechat can change the new theme . its . a good to look .
this be the most useful for chat i like the app very much .
like it .
nice app .
and please fix more about the video .
video call ok my mom have qatar and i call with video .
enjoy this apps .
more update pls . thank wechat team .
the last couple of update have make the wechat app slow . it take age to start and often freeze , hang or crash . now you can't keep hundred of animate sticker , since you be limit to a maximum of 150 sticker . also , chinese govt censorship also , it keep ask to update outside of google play , which make me wonder if there be difference between those update and the google play provide update . very suspicious .
it's cool .
i will try it . wish i injoy .
not bad .
wechat the best social medium on earth i love it .
superb app .
i love it . i really love wechat .
this game be horble .
from the time it be ceated a huge difference can ba see . it be too many to mention i don't know where to start anymore . oh and i love the game too . i just hope they include box and basketball .
love to chat .
none of the function work after update . i mean none . i can't even start a new chat session . i can only reply .
please improve location service . always find people of china in near by or when i shake .
i love it .
all message be at least 6 hour late .
i love dis application so much because u will enlighten many people to no good or bad .
work well for chat and voice , easy to use . didn't try to take control of the dialer like skype .
why i update can open this software already how should i do if uninstall all wechat message would disappear or not help .
what the hell be go on here somehow the app keep pop up every time i unlock the screen . please fix this .
why the video in moment could not be watch wtf u present a function but it's not functional . peachy , now the backup of desktop version can't be connect .
love it .
love it .
i love it .
error when i try to update it . whats the problem sir .
why can't install this app .
cool app .
keep fail , dunno why unknown error code 505 .
like this app .
why cant i post pic at moment it always unsent although wifi ok , i only can post text moment . please fix it . i hate it now . i need to use it .
i like that .
when i do update so i lose my all massage . what can i do now new update be bad .
work well .
its very fun and i just love it .
we chat .
its a nice apps but how would i . know if they see my message . i cant see who be online .
we chat very nice to chat and send message .
love be life .
how i change my wechat id . plz help me . plz fix fastee . i need change my id . or i juz uninstall wechat . plz fix it .
i love it . please install this app . its a gud app .
i love we chat .
i have start to use wechat , great fun and very useful thank .
i love wechat .
love it .
how to change f0nt .
very good .
please add option to send audio file , can send photo on comment section and add edit option on moment .
awesome app .
but why can't to upload video . only can make sight . pls make new version .
love it .
send picture and message also cannot send out why .
the latest update suck i can't open the application at all , please fix asap i really need to use it .
its really great app .
how to do .
i love this app , but i can't see when or if my friend be online . please do something about . i still give it 5 star .
cannot send photo .
everything go smooth through video call . but eat my volume very fast . m .
so col .
good app .
wechat lovar lolipop .
really good for time pass .
i love it .
its use full .
nice good app for get a friend and explore nearby frenz .
good app .
it's good app . love tht sticker most .
a step in the right direction .
always have to download it again and again . shit .
imvalid phone number .
so good .
a cut across the social apps . call , chat and loop video .
wechat tencent .
nice app .
really nice n easy to use . very helpful by keep contact wit family .
great app wechat u deserve it .
i be experience the same issue as bonnie . cannot log in after a recent update . uninstalled reinstall . nothing . lose my chat history . very frustrate .
y itz nt gtin download reduce the mb of the app .
why suddently i can't open my moment and send any chat to my friend . my we chat just like not work .
hey there pls help me i cant update this new version and every moment of pic be ver bad . maybe cause im not update . pls help me i cant update i beg .
love it .
i already go to link you give me . but its can't help me because how i can go to account a to unlink it . i already explain someone else use my number . before this i use my old number then now i change to new number . however my new number have be detect use by other and i can't use to change my number on wechat's set . help me . i don't like the other still use my number on other account .
its fun because there be many game .
totally love it .
i love it .
the best app ever .
it work very well n love it .
i reinstall it 4times , bt it just doesn't open . it show fully blank and close down automatically . help me asap .
i have instal the software but hadn't use it yet . however recently i be get frequent unwanted pop up in another language probably chinese from the app without know where it be come from till i find it be we chat app . the unwanted spam stop after uninstalling the app .
be the best way to keep in touch with your family and friend .
nice but i hope can . can see they read the message not .
why i can't change my cover photo after the latest update i really love we chat but why what be go on with my we chat please . please help me fix it . i would like to give 5stars if it's fix . please . thank you .
be very good service of wechat .
how can i deactivate my account i try this app didnt find it useful to my advantage .
now shake work on and off , message delay , some message not send , video call work on and off . don't know what happen . fix this and back to 5 star guy .
y shake people near by not work . y my msg be not send i will delete this app discussting people near be not work n now no msg send .
good job . now i feel like i'm own an iphone . it's great though . like i say it would be 5 star if there get category between gay , straight and else .
good app .
smiley be awesome .
randomly log me out . so annoy .
i upgrade my wechat yesterday and now i cannot use any function . i have txt message wechat and i have no feedback to inform me on what to do . the lack of acknowledgement be frustrate as well as rude to say the least . please would you be so kind as to contact me and advice me as to what have happen and what you propose to do to rectify the current issue . 25 05 2015 well it's be 12 hour since i post the above and wechat still not fix .
love to use wechat at start . lot of new friend . but now i be not able to find new friend . when i shake my phone it show no result find . try again . this problem start at yesterday . please help me . i need more friend .
i would love this wechat better if u manage to solve the problem of head up notification in android 5 . 0 . 1 lollipop because it be so annoy . thank and much appreciate if u can do so because other chat apps like 5 so far automatically can avoid this matter once i've receive a message from my friend .
good and great .
we chat .
make friend . talk each other . know language . more than one .
doesn't have a way to delete account . sketch as fck .
what set wechat apart be its unique feature that you wouldn't find in most of the other popular im apps . wechat seem to have some powerful yet unique privacy option and feature .
can't open .
awesome mindblowing .
nice app .
when i be try to use wechat it be come not able to send message try again but all my other application arr work fine .
love it .
love it .
how to access my moment bcoz it will return to my main menu . i can't even view my moment .
please add some feature to make easier to delete multiple contact , it's really troublesome to delete 1 by 1 , and also , please allow to delete current account in order for us to create new account with the same mobile number .
it's good social network app and it's all in one .
very nice app .
moment , setting , etc now don't work . useless .
nic app .
but some time it not give the notification for a message when screen be off .
just update to the latest version . seem that the translation for moment be not work . please help to rectify asap .
recently my friend message start come in hour after they actually send them . it's a great app otherwise and this problem hasn't exist in the past . if this be fix i'll change my rat back to 5 star . get message hour late be a major inconvenience . i've get a samsung galaxy s4 .
always hang and automatically out from moment .
because all of i need you give at me .
now can chat and video call .
we chat be not work properly my msg r not send even my network be ful .
combination of whatsapp skype . i love it . best message app .
i have to kill the app and reopen everytime to see new message , now be unable to login . say no network access while be use a perfect 4g internet connection , latest update suck .
now with my new galaxy s6 it use more battery than any other app by a large margin while my usage be unchanged .
tooba it be a good app for message .
samsung galaxy note3 .
love it .
work great from country to country .
can you tell me why if i change my wechat language from english to chinese , i get a lot of game , but if i change my language back to english , just a few game be show and one more thing where be font set i cant find it .
love it free .
after update to android 5 . 0 , i can't receive any notification until i have to open the app everytime . my company operate on wechat , please fix .
we chat .
love it .
everything just fine .
love it .
very good .
if you add the feature like contact who be online at any point of time and the symbol to know if the send message r read by the recipient will be more comfortable .
require repeat login frequently . slow laggy sluggish . but lot of nice animate sticker for free and also lot of feature .
nice job .
pls improve . at chat we cant see the send they see edy or not if have any icon to notification they receive n see ready be more better .
i hope can change theme .
i try many time , but every time i tap for open , automatically out .
to slow to see some photo .
i usually use to get with my fellow chinese , and korean people . awesome way to communicate .
i seriously feel this app can replace facebook as top social network . its awesome .
1 frequent ad from official account that can't be turn off . 2 can't share medium receive to other app .
love the app .
could you please let know how to fix it . every time i try to open wechat it will stop me use wifi . it only work with mobile data . only happen since the update of this version yesterday help please .
guy u have to download this app .
find real people and meet them .
can't change what's up .
very good .
work just how i want it .
great service , free and fast .
it can be weird , in some place .
much prefer this whatsapp .
just update to the newest version , couldn't receive message on time .
it keep tell me to verify my account but the redirect page doesn't work .
why be it when i block a person , they can still send me message .
i upgrade my wechat yesterday and now i cannot use any function . i have txt message wechat and i have no feedback to inform me on what to do . the lack of acknowledgement be frustrate as well as rude to say the least . please would you be so kind as to contact me and advice me as to what have happen and what you propose to do to rectify the current issue .
i hate apps ask for 5 star . just dont .
i like everything about this app , except for one thing buggy notification . sometimes you wouldn't know you have new message until you open the app really annoy .
wht the hell have u do guy's . pls help . wht have u do .
work fine till this update now can access any of the menu item . can't pick contact to message nor can i see moment .
why i cannot open my wechat when ths update hm .
what be app .
this be awesome app .
i communicate with my friend . it's user friendly .
i would like to download this app but i have to much space on my phone .
why isn't there a feature like who be online and who be online this be one of the biggest flow this app have also when i start a voice call the proximity sensor for this never work result in sometimes disconnection of call . proximity sensor of my phone work fine with other messenger only this one doesn't work . this be the two biggest flaw for me if it's fix i would happily give five star also would recommend to my friend .
best app .
can't access to my account at all since earlier this morning . what be go on with this application some help here , please .
fuck off .
love it .
i love it .
it's easy to use and free my parent and many friend use it .
after update need to redownload emotion but cant even download emotion . pls fix it .
i like this so much then facebook best app ever . i have so many friend . love it . my wechat id antony6446 .
nice and reliable app .
this be the best app .
why don't have game play other phone get many game in wecat but in my phone only get 2 to 3 game only .
love it .
my wechat be the latest verion and yet wechat get my acc ban . why .
after the recent update . i can't even open my wechat app . it keep close down itself . please fix it and i will give a full star rate .
i like it but the only problem be this app use up too much space .
love it to the core .
can somebody tell me why i couldn't access my wechat after update i keep try to access it but it couldn't access . pls solve this asap . thank you .
must have type when create a conversation .
great way to keep in touch with your friend and love one .
new layout please .
your app too laggy . my storage still have empty space but i don't know why it still lag . sorry .
very good work .
wechat should monitor the people who be on we chat for the wrong reason . its disturb honestly .
love it .
what a great chat .
good and best app 4 ever .
disgust . i have report the same person for almost 3 week now and wechat do nothing . they have a pic of a man give another man a bj and im constantly have to see it because wechat ignore my report of it and i cant block from view the person on my search result . seriously its sick you people dont moderate pic . even worse you ignore report for whack job porno freak on ur app . not impress will remove and spread the word if nothing be do about this .
same with me like bonnie chai . after update , all the function be not work . a red dot appear at me function , when i get in there to press the set and others , it just can't get in . what be go wrong with this .
i need change my wechat id . plz fix it . urgent plz2 i need change my wechat id . i give 5 star i need open new with new id . plz . fix it .
fun and easy to chat with .
im look for upgrade people nearby .
have the same problem with bonnie . can't open since i get update . so frustrate .
nice app , but you can't delete your account . serious feature problem after update to 6 . 2 . problem solve after update my s5 to the lastest firmware . now i can't use select my custom emoticon .
its ok . its not a bad app .
i never log out from this app but , this app be ask me to log in each day . please fix .
i love to make new friend and this app give the best for me . and be use this for about 2years .
how can i change my wechat id .
i never think i could find something that can compare to bbm . i try other apps but unstable . however , wechat be very accountable to small biz owner . keep up the great work , appreciate much .
hi . this app be good but there be lot of issue with that when ever i i've try to search nearby and start my gps and app always say go to setting and enable gps . crap . and i've give you a friendly suggestion add account cancelation button on it . if i think to cancel my account i've to send the email to your team total waist of time who think to cancel there account cannot do that easily . total waist all control be in your hand . think about it . once .
please update signal for people online in wechat . and upgrade to upload mp3 to the moment .
when my daughter go abroad this be a great alternative to skype , with fewer drop call i love it .
this be best bro .
it make i easy contact with friend .
i hope wechat will have delete all post moment .
almost in a good way of perfection except , remove the useless thing such as walkie talkie , verify by photo etc . thank .
wechat cannot forward voice chat . why . and why do wechat doesnt hava see chat . i really need the two of this . please .
now the internet connection become worst . slow image and sight load . pretty sure my internet be super .
i be look for a simple and easy to use messenging app which i didn't find but when i find this app i have to rate it . keep up the good work make good apps .
very fast and accurate .
i like wechat .
i dont want to do .
awesome and the most powerful social medium in the world .
good but why all my wechat photo be delete answer me please .
when i store my gym bus card in my card holder wechat insist on try to read it and tell me , in chinese luckily my girlfriend be chinese , that it do not currently support read this card . it do this constantly all day until i uninstall the app . i reinstall and it happen again immediately . if this be not fix i will have to leave it uninstalled .
good quality of sound .
i think this have be report by other user too . the latest update break most of the function in the app . i cannot access to any of my contact , no moment , no sticker . the only way i can contact someone via wechat be when they send me a message . i have uninstalled the app and reinstall from google play and the problem remain . please fix it soon at the moment it be not usable . i be use samsung galaxy s5 .
app for all . xoxo .
it's fun and peace .
help me . i change my number . then i want to change on wechat too . but it appear that my new number already link another account .
i like it .
i cant hear my girl friend voice chat and i say to my gf she be try to play me so fix it pls .
i love it .
very good .
what it application cannot install .
not really good .
great always update it .
i can do moment to my wall . and i become a hot person like popular .
i can't get the sms to get the verification code . i have to wait . so final decision be uninstall it . my friend also get this problem .
cannot be use after update .
this app's information service be very bad run they don't care about you .
it be super cool i love it uma .
i choose my pic to chg the cover chat background , but it just pop out otself without chging the pic , hate it .
its good but when i update this it go unstable n it didn't open i have to reinstall it for three time u better work on that .
good service .
it's on of the best chat messenger in this time .
make my phone hang everytime have video call .
love it .
i like it .
love it .
make me laugh an relieve stress .
great , but kill a lot of phone storage .
very good .
keep lock account . need to go through unnecessary bs to unlock . what good be software that be this full of bug .
love it .
worst app .
so good .
the app be awesome , but i wish i could send music or an mp3 .
my wechat be not respond . always like that . please fix it .
so my message can't get through to anyone eventhough i'm use the most fastest internet line . i've uninstalled and instal it plenty of time . and well , when the software need to be update , it wont , and i'm stick with the you need to update and sort .
it brake when i call someone even though i have a good internet .
nice app .
bad app this because it have no big offer .
i have samsung s5 . this update suck . i can't message anyone unless they message me first , i can't go into setting , i can't access any discover feature include moment , i've lose all my emoji , i can't use any feature like voice video call . this be a terrible update .
love it .
i suddenly cnt access my wechat ths morning . everytime i try to access it will exit by itself . pls improve better . tq .
would have be better if i could send broadcast message to thousand of people . i have a big network and do not like the 200 limit .
great way to communicate with friend and luv the sticker .
i enjoy talk to different nationality .
great app .
its more than wow .
good app .
if you have family live far this app work great to connect with them .
i can't use find near me feature at all .
need to reinstall many time .
cause i can learn more experience and its become my company when i be lonely .
the best .
love this .
can not be share from 3rd apps .
have some cool feature .
great for people .
eat to much if my phone internal memory . with only 1 message , it be consume 100 mb . very bad . as well no news from developer after try to contact them 2 time .
this make friend search very easy .
love it .
love it . but there's short of error . like i can't log in .
i just love this app . it have make my video call experience awesome .
have far more feature than other similar apps .
it's seem there be a minor bug . when i'm log in there no problem . but when i log out there's be a pop up come out on the screen that say android . process . acore have stop . what make it more annoy it appear 2 second everytime you click okay . nonstop . i try with other apps but at last this apps i find that trigger it . i have to uninstall , then the problem go and instal back but still get some problem . sp what the best solution . uninstalling .
update mess up my setting . i'm already log in but it help tell me to verify . people's photo no longer visible . have to redownload a lot of the sticker . when i go to re sort my sticker , the miss one i download go miss again . please fix .
good app .
just 3 star . this app lag a lot on my phone . just maybe fix bug .
it's very flexible and plenty of option . it's also very easy to change the language . there be ten of language in wechat . you can use them without change the phone setting . there be also many useful tool , for example very fast qr scanner .
love it .
love it .
good app .
the whole thing be smooth . good job .
i like it .
not bad .
love it .
it be so amzing and fabulous .
i love becuz its a useful app .
get crash whenever download a sticker .
make it different from other . im look forward to rate 5 star he .
sometime good for me .
its amaze . you can chat , talk , video chat , play game and many more .
its awesome .
nice app .
wy d ppl nrby feature remove . n friend radar s also not wrking .
but please make the wechat light bcoz since wechat be update . its very heavy to open in my phone . n sometimes it force close .
i can't open my wechat almost 1 week , just now i uninstall it , try to install it back , its can't at all . very disappoint .
after i've reformat my phone , i can't download wechat . it keep on say package file be invalid . how to fix this .
it so slow . load .
this be best choice for you all .
most innovative message app . make call , subscribe to radio station or whatever else , have the best sticker , plus have discover nearby people to chat with . can't really get better that this and i just can't understand why this isn't the number one message app instead of whatsapp . i just wish i could convince all my friend to use wechat instead but there be just too many .
wechat be the best in social medium .
why have chinese baidu folder leave on the phone after finish install wechat . this be trash file . one more thing can't delete or reactive account option .
amaze app .
love it .
love it .
love it but cant log in .
i , m use it first time let's see what response .
not get msg till the time i open my chat .
love it .
make it colourful background . please . i do not like white background . i know conversation can change background but the main background i don't like it .
i have always be follow your user agreement and guideline and for sure i have never ever abuse the use of the app but why the hell you block me totally fuck up app . if it wasn't for the people ive meet , i wouldve uninstalled this app and give it the lowest score of 1 ever on google play . will anyway , ive give it a 1 star .
i didn't receive a massege in my phone sms verification code .
very love it .
but please lower the ram usage .
exelent with new wechat .
application error 24 show while instal .
after the recent update the app have lose all function , can't chat . update moment . can't view contact . lose chat history . can't even own setting . please help or fix .
why be this .
good but can make my smart phone slowly .
love it .
thank you this os such a great app im enjoy it .
more not .
love it .
it's really easy to use even for uneducated so hat off wechat team and co founder .
stop work while video call with friend . use it on asus zenfone 5 . please fix this on the next update , im beg you
really wonderful .
to connect friend , love one other people .
weird app u cannot delete ur account once make it i be unable to send message from this app without any reason they never do anything to ur complaint .
it's a good app only need to improve the quality of video call .
the phone update automatically the wechat version this morning . ever since i cannot open my moment , cannot talk to any contact . i reinstall the app and restart my phone several time already . except i lose all my chat history , nothing change . it be drive me nut now can someone please help me where can i get download from the previous version from google play .
after download , its always show that . please fix that error as soon as possible . and i'll give you 5 star back .
let me connect most of the friend .
after update the latest version today , the font size become small and unable to change it to bigger font size in setting . please look into it .
please fix it asap . i dont know how many time it happen . or else i rat it more star .
for some reason on my new phone i cannot access my we chat wallet . please help i have money on it otherwise i love this app update still no wechat wallet nor reply from customer service support . become really annoy .
late receive message from friend cause time waste . sometimes lag and unresponsive .
why be logg out in other location , its logg off itself can you fix it i would like to rate 5 star if this problem fix tq .
truly be use .
we chat be super connect friend .
good app to interact with foreigner .
love this aap .
it's not start only .
very nice .
it's not download , take very long time , i be use 3g net while other application be easily download .
not bad .
after update latest version , my wechat cant use moment and cant open the set . cant support android lolipop pls fix it .
this new update be more stable and better than previous . thank .
new version cannot share link at all get the problem dunwan to update better .
i can't change my wechat profile picture , can you be of help .
awesome . now my wechat okay . tq wechat because reply my feedback .
nice app .
i'm get frustrate with these chinese bus card pop up . my phone isnt in chinese i dont live in china , i dont need a chinese bus card now whenever i do anything not just wechat , it pop up all the time i have no problem before , but now after the update i be just get irritate , and want to delete this app .
i like .
it be brilliant love it .
but my problem be that when i uninstalled the app and reinstall it again the message be go .
video call screen turn upside down .
its damn cool .
nice apps . keep it up . more power .
everytime i try to login and make a moment its always stick please do something .
well do .
good enough to love .
after the update i have to keep download at lease 23 sticker constantly please fix it .
why can't i copy sender msg instead we need add to favorite and copy from there , so troublesome if we have to order something and keep forward and back all the time .
cant log in . i press the wechat icon and it just a blank screen appear .
i hope i can post video with duration at least on for 30 second .
love it .
nice app .
but need fix . sometime make hang wechat and cannot use .
use to friend with unknown people .
work well without issue . i like it .
wechat very awesome . not to bore but the problem be i cant login my acc . fvck whyy .
i hate this application .
best app .
why me not upload this app .
so good .
i block someone how calm she can chat me please fix asap .
highly recommend .
easy use .
my friend send me an emoticon to me but it show as .
it be very helpful .
like it .
i like .
good app .
i like wechat bcause it easy to use it .
good app for call .
nothing wrong and alot of fun pic .
easy to commucate with friend .
excellent for group chat .
iam use to use this app since two year , but last update be very bad wechat always crash and lose connection , and i have to restart it every two minute this be insane .
nice app .
i love it .
nice and nice and nice .
it's amaze .
i love it .
so good .
this be a briliant software .
in this i be not able to find online or not last see message date time .
add some theme please .
keep log out whenever i close the app . please fix this .
the discover tab and me tab be completely freeze in the new version . nothing work there , no setting , no moment , nothing . how can i change back to previous version i lose all access to moment .
i like it .
nice app .
i never get notification on people who comment and like my stuff on moment .
i love it .
it be fuck .
i will rate 5 star if you give a new design look colour .
my dear love .
i like it .
make communicate with my game community very easy .
best app ever .
i cannot log in and now i could only use my ipad and samsung mega , but i cannot use my phone , i don't get it why my phone could not use the qr code , but the ipad and the computer could .
y i cant send message even the sticker i cant send message what should i do . i hope u will fix it im almost 2yrs use this app but only now i have problem i hope u can fix it bcoz honestly i love this app . but for now im stress already .
it take lot of time in load while search for nearby people , please fix it .
love it .
happy to help from wechat .
learn on nature and behaviour of those people .
keep pop up and now i can't even check my email without close force stop wechat . pls fix . my gear doesn't like it either and i can't use any other function on my watch .
how can i know that my friend be online or offline plz someone tell me .
nice apps . clear video call .
my other apps fail to see wechat from share option .
i love this app .
something be wrong , keep say your account be log off , please fix this .
nice place to chat .
keep log me off when i'm not use it say you've be log in by unofficial wechat software , which i have not download i get the app yesterday . it also block my account and i have to reset my password each time . what a mess .
can you add time for last online . not for in moment only . but time that their last online their wechat . its almost good if you can make like that .
ppl just create a hipe .
love it .
how to delete premently this apps from cell any one plz suggest .
leave for the some part and feature , . it be good enough to use .
wouderful app but the discoverer need to build up more .
thank for your suggestion . wechat account cannot be delete in the current version but we will consider this function for future release . that be an automate reply that wechat give even since it be launch . every message apps have delete account option . so why wechat do not have it . why isn't wechat protect the privacy of its user .
how can i edit my id i should be able to change it anytime .
i love it .
i love it .
very good .
i dont know why when i post some picture on wechat moment but the picture blur a little bite , this be make me sad seriously . please fix this .
really nice .
very good app .
my password ain't work when i try to change the password all the instruction be in chinese .
love it .
i have share with friend on chrome and other apps before on my lg g3 but i lose those button when wechat update .
amaze i can find my old friend in we chat .
we chat .
great go . very much improve .
it good .
i very like this application ,
its good .
very good .
really enjoy the game before . hope it will be add again soon .
voip be not always reliable . text be great .
happy new year to me 2015 .
after i update the wechat , now always come out the orange phone pic , make me so angry .
i like it n its a really very nice app to chat with but sometimes it doesn't work properly or work slowly n doesn't show many people around me . just a few people n always same in a fix place .
great apps .
sometimes i don't get a notification say i have a message unless i open the app and sometimes i do so please fix this .
weird that sometimes i do not receive notification when my friend send me message , could you please fix it i hope we can close the app and still receive notification , htc one .
with wechat i can communicate with my family in china .
ever since the new download it hasnt work get no support from wee chat complete night mare .
the new version of this app be not so perfectly work . can't find out people near by . fix that .
im use wechat more than a year . ive nothing much to complaint . i really enjoy myself use it . tq .
luv it .
it be easy to combine with friend .
unable to change the profile picture and always show me access server failure but i still can chat with my friend in we chat . why ah i can chat but i cant change my profile picture . if this problem can fix , i will give 5 star .
the problem of force close be eventually solve after the latest update , love it so much now .
like it .
i like it .
sexy app have lot emotion and thought .
i love this apps .
because i always get problam wit this application .
its ok .
will u please update the wechat so we could delete our account . please .
be this from the wechat update i'm get frustrate with these chinese bus card pop up . my phone isnt in chinese i dont live in china , i dont need a chinese bus card now whenever i do anything not just wechat , it pop up all the time i have no problem before , but now i be just get irritate .
love it .
shake and nearby especially bottle .
i can't receive any message for 2day . and when i try to relogin back , it fail . hope to fix it as possible .
user friendly .
i love it .
if friend block our message have to be reach .
i love this app . download ot .
i can't use vedio call or voice call in this new version what happen to this app please find it and clear it because it's very much help full . again vedio call in wechat be not work wat be happen no idea please help .
this be very versatile all that allow great texting and share of picture and link . very easy to use , stable and no ads or anything like that . i highly recommend do require a wifi connection or cell data plane to work .
i like it .
please make the account delete option in update .
i'm sorry to say here i use to talk about the shit be happen be the picture that be post on the moment be very unclear pls fix it for wechat user please . thankyou .
new version not good really not change dp 6 . 2 be not good .
vedio call not up to the mark .
i totally .
it say i'm log in an unofficial version of the app but i get the app from the app store for my phone and my ipad and make me have to keep recover my account . but now i can't cause it say my phone number be invalid cause ive use it once .
the best app .
enjoyable . maybe you can fix all the problem while download .
can't open it . why .
i be not sure of this app but i will like to try pls .
great program . thank a lot . it's the best application can use .
great app social and now be my favorite app to chat . but please make this app more smoothly and faster like 5 . 2 version .
wow update add everything i mention be miss from my previous review . great job love the new android wear interface .
i will see ltr .
my love .
. seem to work wonderfully .
wechat be good and easy .
easy to use and i love it what i like wechat to keep be don't put advertisement . as an ordinary user , we really don't hope our chat instrument full of advertisement information . keep away from advertisement and i will stick with wechat .
i so love this app . great job wechat must download this app .
nice way to connect to unknown people , but doesn't show if they be online or be very old user .
need to some improve in future app .
nice app , but you can't delete your account . serious feature problem after update to 6 . 2 . problem solve after update my s5 to the lastest firmware . now i can't use select my custom emoticon .
how can i delete my account .
like the app . but can you pls say me how to download wechat for laptop or window .
why cant save sight to the phone . hope wechat can do this . i want to save the sight to my phone .
be the best you can do .
it be vry simple language .
you say use by 400 million of people but in play store say 100 million only .
wechat window overlap on screen navbar , cannot type text without go in to landscape and when in landscape mode navbar cover side of wechat window .
i get a lot of friend at wechat .
it be realy good light and smooth never fail me thnx to team .
i like wechat .
everybody in asia or at least china and hong kong have this app . this be their version of skype or google chat cause it's entirely free if the other person also have the app .
not bad .
awesome apps .
all my message and text disappear after this update . how to get then back .
add a type indicator so that we know someone be type .
i love the new version with android wear support .
the best .
please . i need to know how to block pple on this chat be search for it for like forever .
eat too much memory . redundancy . cannot send message to qq after update . cannot share link or other thing directly .
why there be an empty pop up even tho im use some other app , still this pop up will appear and it take forever to close it pls fix it asap .
android can't see other emoji like whatsapp emoji , please fix this problem . it's bother me so much please wechat .
be there sign up or log in .
report be send . please review it .
can't reply to any chat in this update as the text field be under the navigation button . please account for the onscreen navigation button and fix it .
why download slow . i hate it .
everytime time when i be charge my phone , i need to unplug it just to scan the qr code , it be really annoy . but the whatsapp instead , be able to save my account so that i don't have to scan it every time . the appearance be also quite plain and it need more material design .
love the android wear integration i can now read , send , and reply message with sticker and voice and text , all from my watch . super cool 5 star all the way .
i get a good frnd by use this app so only be give 5 star .
i hat it .
how to download on desktop .
love it .
love it .
how to add friend . because other country want video s .
i love this app .
out of the blue login page keep pop up while i'm on other apps , its annoy . so annoy .
superb voice quality with superb video quality . never have use anything like we chat .
connection lose every time .
nice app .
it always want to be update again and again which be completely unnecessary .
just love it .
cant log in . fix this asap .
love u .
grat but sometimes confuse .
i love this game .
nice app .
nice app .
why be there these random pop up come in chinese my system isn't even in chinese . apparently it's about a card of some sort . be this malware i've only have this problem recently .
always not respond .
after update latest version , my wechat cant use moment and cant open the set . pls fix it .
nice and fun while shake the phone .
location always show china instead of my current . search nearby not work at all although location be on and set to high accuracy mode . please fix .
love the sticker and notification . the only thing that make it 4 5 instead of 5 be the load time when open the app . other than that , it's perfect for international texters .
nice app .
its coll .
i will give it 5 star if there be an option to delet my account .
there be no way to delete wechat account .
what happen about my goggle shop cannot download wechat .
take a lot of time for photo to load .
i like this app .
i love this app .
memory usage too big . please fix it . if u fix it , i give 5 star . tq .
this chat app be the neatest because of its feature for video clip and chat with can and voice .
thank we chat .
downgrade because of bad habit of restart app many time , waste device battery and cpu . please try to improve .
top app .
eat too much memory . redundancy . cannot send message to qq after update .
nice app , but you can't delete your account . serious feature problem after update to 6 . 2 .
i hate it so much why can't i find my region i use to use wechat a lot on my other phone but in this one . i just can't find my region .
50 100 for you .
i love wechat and i like wechat much it nice apps .
so easy to use i can connect with my friend and family .
make it less stop work . anyway all good .
thank wechat developer , you listen . now you get 5 star .
still no audio for more than a month after update to the latest version .
we chat , we need your support .
wish the app could translate english to chinese beforehand then send it in chinese . right now only translate the sender's message upon receipt .
the 7 day ban for change location be really uncalled for , it have never happen till this update . really crap nonsense .
so nice this up very easy .
great apps .
its good .
it would be better if we could see who be online in our friend list .
good app .
add long sight video please . p .
all in one app .
i love this app you guy should try it be amaze .
i like .
easy to use . marvelous .
keep try to scan my commute card in the phone case , and worse yet we chat doesn't support it . i get a new window every time i unlock my phone .
when we block someone that person should not able to see our profile but in wechat that person can see our profile pic . useless security . also it take long time to start the app .
i have try it and its ok and effective .
i will give you a 5 star if there id an option that i can delete my account . thank you .
i be not get that much bad word to describe this useless app . its show successfully send but at other end they be not get my reqst . even support team will not help you . there should be 100 rat also here .
not bad .
very fun .
great app .
this app make me feel good .
best way to chat . to find . to see . to learn .
best massager i have use beat all massager i have use before clear and good video call . all good .
very nice .
why the video in moment could not be watch wtf u present a function but it's not functional .
i like to use . this application .
plz update it with new look . beautifull look .
awesome app .
y always can't receive message need to restart the app just can recover .
fantastic baby .
so happy .
lovely and easy to chat .
uninstalling the app , people nearby never work , drift bottle be always from china , or korea .
4 star .
its amaze .
now the android wear support have get better . and if anyone like me doesn't like the tab at the bottom , as it look like ios and its too close to the on screen button , you can enter switchtabpos without quote in any chat window , that will make the tab go to the top just like the 5 . 3 version .
for the older version i can download picture to my phone but this version be suck . i try so many way but i still can not eventhough the apps tell me to download it .
its epic good jod wechat .
i like it .
make we can share not only pic but video too .
i love it more than viber , skype or what's app .
connect people in a very smart way . love it .
need to improve alot .
very good .
please give a new look to wechat . bore to see the old design . n 1 request . pls make the profile pic lock . like instagram . so others cant save the our pic without our knowledge . and make the profile pic invisible to those in block list . for some safety reason . thank you . otherwise . i love this app . and pls set last see option . and cant add email to the link account . it say server failure . pls try again later . otherwise i love this app .
lovely this wechat . can you tell how to delete my account . i dont want to use wechat anymore .
its very cool app .
wechat give free cupon that you can use at lazada but when i use the code it say . invalid .
love it .
cool app .
love it .
i love it .
recent wechat be good .
love this app .
try it .
it's nice . but miss some feature frm other chat apps .
it's easy to chat with friend and it's awesome app because this app have game .
great apps .
i love wechat . but i not like shake .
it be interest to use . sound be excellent just that a few bug need to be fix .
its okay but not sp bad lol .
i like it .
i really like to connect with my friend through this .
after upper 6 we leave n lose contact in wchat we meet n more closer . tq wchat .
its awesome .
you see this be very nice .
excellent application .
you have a font change set . why don't you make it consistent in the application the font size in the message should be the same size as the font in the section where you be type a new message in . you spoil it now as the font size in the message creation be a lot smaller . now i can easily read my message but not the message that i be type . what we're you think of sorry this be not a good move .
good app .
since april , i unable to use wechat . every time the app force close upon itself after login . please fix it's an awesome apps .
i like this app . but sometimes the chat notification didn't show up when i turn off my screen .
love it .
i love it .
very like .
i like wechat .
like it .
this app be good but please fix it . 4 star only .
sometimes option be not work like translator , forward , copy etc . when i click and hold to use these option it be not work it seem as the brightness of the display go to dim and when i click again that messege go to the favpurites .
very nice for every one .
sight be to short , if can post short video like 2 minute video , maybe will be more likey .
follow material design please .
very good .
i can not delete this account even when i want to .
wechat be easy to comunicate to each other .
easy to use , translator be fast . but a couple of minor issue . its easy to accidentally delete a chat because translate option be too close to delete option . video call sometimes crash app and reboot phone be the only solution .
good progress wechat .
nice app please improve this facility friend be my message read or not .
it's good .
great app .
best app .
so slow download moment .
its a very good app .
like it .
i like it .
i love it .
i love this app .
please fix it . this new update be suck . have too many bug .
why not open the subscription number of url it .
very good app .
love it .
i cant find my contact friend at recommendation section even i link my phone number . please fix this im use s4 .
i can connect easily to my love one's .
eszy to use all people . good job wechat .
have improve time to time . great app .
i love it .
easy to sms n chat .
itz realy gud for communication .
i like .
excellent app .
i try many time but no call go if someone receive the call , voice not come .
excellent app .
i can't send voice msg , picture in my wechat be go , my emoji , it won't function properly .
after a long time i'm use wechat again but i couldn't find the chatroom anymore , that's the only thing i like about wechat .
not good .
i use this app everyday . i love wechat i hope it have a popout feature . its hard to switch in other app everytime i receive msg from my wechat friend . please . put a popout feature .
nice application .
can chatt with family n friend from other place .
its same 4 app in one . good .
can't reply any chat since the text field and navigation button be overlap in portrait the only way to reply be in landscape . fix this please .
no one on the earth be able to help me out in remove my two wechat account . there be no option for account removal in the app and even on the server .
how can i put this on my pc .
erghh keep auto logout my account . please fix it .
love it .
before this i never have this kind of problem . but nowadays i'm have this kind of problem . but i don't why . i hope you guy will take an action . thank you . hye guy , again i'm have problem . after i uninstalled this app instal it again i'm have some problem . i hope you guy will take an action soon . tq .
thank awesome .
unable to make video call .
great apps but not so great .
i like it .
after the update i have to keep download sticker constantly please fix it .
its be 3months now i be piss off as i cant accept call . i search online how to fix this problem but cant find any solution . gr . please fix this .
somany file in tancent . it's suck memory . it create lot of folder . that's why i've uninstalled this app . otherwise it's good .
have greatly improve over the past few year since i have be use it . highly recommend for chat , send photo and video clip to you family while away from them .
like it .
keep auto logout my account . so annoy .
what the i can't sign in because there be other people with the same number like me and i think that person account be deactivate but i still can't sign in if that stupid account still there . pls fix this issue asap . i wait this to be fix like 5 month ago .
i cant upload my photo . its always say that unable to upload photo why .
i like it .
after it update a few day ago . when open moment it get stick hang a few minute . please fix it asap .
it seem like a really good app but it never send the verification code . i don't recommend it to people with tablet .
very easy to use .
very friendly and much friend around the world .
try all but this have the most stable and clear video . video call of all . trust me o check them all . camera have no lag awesome . ios facetime . but in andriod we chat .
i cant install this app cause its say that my phone doesnt have enough space but when i install another apps , it work just fine . can you help me . i really need this app .
i love it .
just uninstaling because so slow to load all the message that have be send so far ago now im instal back . but if the same problem to happen again . i will definitely stop use this app .
crap far too overly complicate . stick to whatsapp , far better .
unable to download full photo at moment after update .
so many feature to use and so creative . love the sticker and how easy to send voice message .
it would be very useful the possibility to use it on tablet and phone at same time . why do i need to log in and log out every time .
a couple of thing to make it better . be able to link to a different translation engine eg . bing , and to be able to have text speak out which help learn foreign language .
great app .
everything work fine . easy interface . just love it .
i love it .
app be ok just dont know whybit disconnect after talk about 16 min . always have network issue and freeze then disconnect . my connection be always strong .
easy n straight forward app .
nice app .
i have be use it for almost 4 month now . its voice quality be unbeatable . the only drawback i see in its use be . it need a very good data connection or at least 3 bar wi fi . if you have these you be good to go .
i like use wechat . thank to wechat .
i just love it . its a great chat platform .
not good .
i love wechat .
so nice .
im not truly like it but its ok .
great vid and chat call quality , love it .
more help should be in video call .
usin long time love it .
video call .
i cant deactive .
i like it .
wechat before 6 . 0 best feature send video clip 30s , now since 6 . 0 cut video clip to 6 s , not useful at all , and other who use older ver , can't see your new ver after 6 . 0 video . com'on wechat 6 second be you kid do anyone notice this change at all raise your voice here 5 star if they give me the 30s video .
best apps .
download fast its very bad .
i can't lie love this apps .
please fix it or tell me how to solve this issue .
it's 2 slow . fix it plz .
talk very better voice and video just only wechat . i use wechat 7 year . please everybody try .
great way to connect with friend .
love it .
the most advance and complete message app out there . so many utility and they keep add more and more . the app be superb . must try it to understand how awesome it be .
wechat r the greatest between facebook whstapp line tango viber twitter etc . i love u wechat .
it's the best hopefully if we can have a fast forward button to listen the audio , and also the zoomimg of sight function can be further it would be great .
i think with a last see , wechat will be better . really hope this function in wechat .
good app fr voice call nd video chat .
love it .
very nice .
not bad .
download very slow .
my we chat date pause at 12th january 2015 . i be use it sinse 2014 . now when ever i chat . it doesnt update the time nor date . i try back up my chat online then recover it . but it make it worst . now my chat be recover upside down .
when i open its . it will always dissapear by itself . plzz fix it .
thank wechat love it .
great app .
good apps from whatsapp .
a nice app to chat .
this be an awesome app . million time better than facebook .
just nice .
very good .
as for me its the best app i ever use .
alot of seller sell fake stuff .
latest version have limit emotion icon .
easy communication .
love it .
good chat for international message .
good app .
please give the material design for icon .
i be use since long time .
love itt .
good app but need awareness .
love it .
good app .
its soft be very high .
i love it .
i love it .
it would be better if you keep the complete conversation whenever we uninstall the app and decide to install it again . can you please let us have all the conversation and chat history back , that be go when we uninstall the application . god bless and more power to all of you .
enjoy use this app . convenient , easy to access different option . i m love it .
love it .
no comment .
i like the sight but i don't know how to use infant camera to sight myself .
shit i can't download this application .
0 star if possible developer address change from china to america why it suck ram when i scroll down from the bottom of the chat and scroll it up again without remove my hand from the screen and scroll it up from the top and scroll it down again without remove my hand from the screen , it doesn't work this app suck my device storage space as it contain too much data since every update please move all the data to sd card instead of device internal memory it log out automatically .
amaxing applicatyion atall i love it .
pls check this . try many time but still get this problem .
nice app .
very useful .
it hang all the time . but still love it .
very nice app .
there be .
nice app .
this be so awsome .
i like it .
excellent app with lot of feature . only one thing people nearby cannot detect my location . otherwise 5stars .
while instal it say that error 24 . can you help me fix it .
love this app .
how come my name disappear in the moment and show all nonsense word as my name .
suggest to have pop up notification and app lock .
its awesome .
why when i use this , it will uninstall immediately . please fix this .
i like it very much .
love it .
i love it .
this application really help me a lot connect people from any part of world .
when i'm download a new we chat on a new phone . i have to download a new sticker . that's no inconvenient . tq .
nice app .
it be good for message but take time in video call .
this . look good and be good .
love it .
in new version there be no option for near by search .
nice app .
i be not happy . please , iwanna delete my wechat account permanently .
drift bottle and shake be col .
i like wechat .
i bore without pencil pilot .
great app .
dont want any voucher offer . just give main balance by do activity .
love it .
really cool app . good feature . it doesn't hound you to all your friend .
love it .
high 5 .
fuck cannot download because the so large .
the best .
v good we can find freind from eny country i like wechat .
not bad .
not bad app .
need improvement . i dont like when chat backup store only for 7 day what the fuck .
such a great try application omg love it .
enjoy it .
i would have gven 5 star but everytime i use video call with my friend and minute later everything would stop . my phone suddenly stop work and i have to wait for 10 minute for it to work again . it say we chat stop respond .
great app .
love it .
be just love , meet people everyday .
easy to use and just great .
great app .
it's good .
thank to wechat for this wonderful app . keep go .
very nice app there so many cool and sexy chatter .
some tym location problem .
i really like this app .
good luck .
love it .
good app .
after the latest update , wechat can't get the message update in real time .
but little bite voice and video call should be improve a lot .
love it .
where be people nearby .
why my camera for video chat be darkkness than my friend i try to use another app for example i try use line it work , my camera when i be use line app brighten than my camera at wechat .
good but many offer disable please give me reason lovely wechat team .
we love it .
hai baby and the family be all the latest news .
awesome possum .
i haven't use it enough to know , but they keep bother me about rat the app , so i take a star off .
great simple apps .
in love .
very awesome n frenly .
but it need some other thing like let us know if the person read the message and if the person be type . i think it would be better .
this app be amaze but please fix it i've already do the troubleshoot but it do not work , it's automatically restart again and again please fix it i've already update .
privously i can find people's around me but now i cant . even i lose all my contact . can you suggest me how i can search people nearby .
its nt download .
i hope that i see who's my friend be online . pls fix it .
i find myself log out of my wechat when i restart my phone , and when i log back in , all the chat history be wipe clean . what happen like it be a newly instal app .
nice n easy to use .
why no call voice menu , but i can receive from other , and in my other phone have this feature menu .
im so love this application because give me easy to find my friend but im very sad because so delay and bug . i hope u fix this problem a . s . a . p then i rate 5 star .
i have use wechat on my samsung a7 now download for lenovo . hope there be no glitch . anyway 5star .
awesome apps for my .
cant change profile picture , send picture . all cant do it .
it be the best app when you be feel bore .
this application make my phone so heavy .
video be not , its useless .
its fun .
i be look at the picture that my friend send me , all in a sudden everything disappear include my friend's account .
camera not work properly .
love the chat .
nice app .
very good .
this be a very useful app .
but it consume heavy space of our android device . you know well we can not install much more app in our android device , either we use 32gb sd card . so why you have make for consume our heavy space .
very good .
very love it .
i like this app .
its ok but it be a bite slow sometimes when i open but it be actually cool though .
enjoy every time , use it .
make my life easier .
love it but please it so stupid when i have to wait even this download finish faku .
ever cant successful to send my message and also voice message .
seriously what the fuck be this i just update my wechat on my phone then the app can't log in on my account . i'm use sony ericsson w8 run on 2 . 1 update1 version . fix this problem .
love it .
good app .
great and work well .
what the shit be that i can't even log in this shit apps .
like it .
cant play aftr download . why .
have problem when load moment . new moment doesnt appear .
why its auto log out .
i very love it because that so best to me .
very great apps . i use it all the time . it really2 awesome . thank you . and still great . keep it up . bravo .
love it so much .
really we chat be great .
very useful for me .
love it .
love it .
not bad .
this feature doesnt work . when i open it say that i cant find my location . damn i really dont like the update .
nice app .
not bad .
i love it .
nice one . i like it . just shake the phone and make new friend . amaze . and you can find friend in your near by area or location . great .
no black theme .
i like it .
no more bore moment .
love it .
i really love it .
my wechat alway crash .
love it .
but video call be not up to the mark .
the moment we update must be publish do not too private . thank you .
why , it cannot instal , always error .
very nice .
get message about unofficial account go through process still can't access . i have only use once since then not work .
i couldn't find my group chat .
with just few click , you're connect with family and friend . a m a z i n g .
new version be awsome .
how can i start video call on wechat .
i love use wechat but i can't install it y .
i really love this app .
love it .
we chat .
i can't view sight . it's keep load .
this be good i can message my friend in other country and because of wechat i meet a lot of new friend .
i love .
when i open it be close and say . unfortunately wechat be stop .
i have download this app , and then im sign up . i put my name my picture my phone number and my password , then , wechat tell me to wait and wechat say the code have be send to your phone . but it dont send to my phone . please help me .
good application .
idc why lol .
so nice .
i cant play the sight . why it so suck right now . if the sight be okay i'll rate 5star .
i very like this wechat .
i have raise this problem via feedback and we chat care but even after a week i get nothing from them . this be so annoy that they don't even turn up .
we love we chat .
love it .
i can't view any sticker that be store . still can't login with qq please fix this .
perfect , i love it . this be the best software i ever use .
owh yeah .
when i use the feature ppl near by it say unable to search location . what should i do .
so i do .
easy to use . i enjoy it .
i've turn on notification centre but still can't receive notification on my phone .
love it .
the more u use , the more it entertain u .
very loud and clear all the conversation and call .
great app .
please help me , last night i couldn't receive any message , i also couldn't send message , so this morning i decide to log it out . now i'm try to log in but it couldn't log in . what should i do hope to receive reply immediately . thank you .
i love wechat because this be easy for you chat .
after install , the data increase so much make my phone so laggy .
i love it . furthermore most of my friend be use wechat .
i instal it from google play . set it up and it work fine . go back to use it an hour late and my account be freeze because it's not an official version wtf . i download it from here .
i really love this app . its easy to communicate with my friend and too easy to use in my phone have no problem . i just dont like the jerk here .
i dnt knw watz cook here but maybe sumone have already there to assist me people plz i like this fruit .
this app be great but it do not have a option to view the receipt of the send message , and the last see be not give , plz try to include them .
cant download .
fun to use and interact with this be a great app to use to meet new individuats .
i enjoy this app every day with my friend in china .
can't share music and video . so bad . apart from that , everything be okay .
when it say sms verification code what do i do please text back .
love it .
it would be better if it show someone online or offline .
why i cnt dwnld this app .
nice app .
i continue to have problem receive message . i have to literally open the app and after a few more second ill get he message that be send yesterday .
this app be awesome .
my moment be not get refresh for d last 1 month . same post r there though i have reinstall the app . please fix this soon . this use to be my favourite app .
we love we chat .
good app .
nice one .
best app ever in di world and in di .
what they promise they give us and also there be many offer of recharge cashbacks shop etc but recharge by wechat be mostly like by me .
the app do not launch what sort of an update be that .
can make new friend easily . like it .
can't understand why it's so lame .
i like this one .
it keep auto log out whenever i exit wechat on my redmi 1s .
hack for life .
pretty nice msging app with good interaction . wechat have over the year be up and down . currently it's not notify correctly . that's at the lower no of star .
this be a nice app to meet our friend .
why cant i post pic at moment it always unsent although wifi ok , i only can post text moment .
very good .
why won't wechat give me notification i only receive my message if i open my wechat .
hi there wow .
i like it very much .
hate the new wechat .
the only problem be account deletion . apart from this its superb .
just wish more people from canada use it .
y shake people near by not work .
some animate sticker not work properly . it show like normal sticker and somes be blank .
i've download it once , i unistalled it because i want to free up my phone space . the second time i want to download it . it's just didn't start download .
i really fun to play this wechat i can chat with my friend and write the moment .
this be the best .
its owesome .
good enough .
there be a big problem i just arrive in taipei and it doesn't work anymore it be ok in singapore . it open and then shut down itself after 2 second so frustrate .
i don't get this on wifi .
this be a very good software .
look forward to post video on moment .
i can't use that feauture , even my access location already on , wechat developer please fix it .
i like it .
not bad .
i never use this app but i give 5 star .
i just wish we could really block someone and never see them in we chat even in group chat a lot of war freak exist pls add a effective by block button i will rate it 5 star many be cyber bully .
i love wechat eversince .
the app be good but i m not give it full star because i havnt recieved a single message yet .
way to go . good improvement . keep it up .
love it .
i love this app .
how to delete my id or profile on wechat .
good app .
good game .
nice app .
just ok .
love it .
i love it .
it's very nice .
it's much better if message indicate as read or tick symbol . thank .
nice app .
wow but hurm .
love it .
this be good i can message my friend in other country and because of wechat i meet a lot of new friend .
kindly improve ur friend find option after upadte it be not food before it be so easy .
this be god app .
i love this , its an amaze app .
very nice .
very funny .
i can't install it .
it's a waste aap should improve more .
great app .
for some reason on my new phone i cannot access my we chat wallet . please help i have money on it otherwise i love this app .
i have uninstalled and instal it 3 rd time . gps be open but only this app be unable to locate me . worst app . even i have update my location on google map .
family tie closer than ever .
love it .
i like it .
great app .
i like it .
excuse me can you help me asap why when i try download , wechat could not be download due to an error please help me something important in wechat that i want to copy and save . asap please .
need access to my account in different phone .
love it .
very fun .
i like this .
very nice .
like it .
free sticker . i like that it sync contact quickly .
m find frend in shake bt it show error to like no result foud try again later . plz do some thing for this and fix it .
why it can't install .
this app work very good in my phone .
love it so my wechat .
i do try but still not work .
improve the quality of picture in moment .
everything work fairly well . my only gripe would be the restriction to be only sign in on one device , which really affect the flexibility of the app .
really nice app .
gud app .
nice app .
this app can really do good to your communication and its way of socialize to others . emoticon and character that amplify emotion that have be convey by the user . really love app .
there should be a separate notification volume set for wechat . i wear my earphone a lot and the notification be really loud .
thank you wechat . i love your apps .
thank for this app . i like new update version can post video sight but i hope wechat can upload video from gallery too . plz keep original image , quality like original . good luck i hope more update from ur best ever app .
we chat everyday .
please improve the bug .
very good .
why this app doesnt allow me to forward or share sound audio voice message . i can only send it to one specific person then cant forward now i have to record again and again and again .
love it .
i understand there be some issue on group chat with friend but i have not try it after my phone get reset to factory default due to phone set reason .
love it .
i like this app .
cannot view any video upload by friend in we chat .
i think this be not bad app .
one of my best friend be teach in rural china . this app enable us to keep in touch easily .
by far one of the best way to contact friend and family , so much to do and so much to put down while your type . i've be use this for over a month now and it be fantastic , also message and even other file like photo and video travel almost instantly this be a great app and can't wait to get more out of it soon .
but what be url or uri .
great apps .
i cant remove my mobile number , cant link email id , i link fb but still cant unlink phone number and cant even permanently delete account . this can hurt privacy a lot . please help me .
this app be very good for so many reason that it would take a page to tell you . just install it and enjoy .
go want to enter chat group want sport the bank card go want doit he say want china bank and china font nomber fuck lower service .
i like it .
full of lovely people inside .
should bring new update .
over reach permission . include access to my text .
im have a video call with a frend but they cant hear me but i can hear them y be it like that .
delay notification .
love it .
love be life think .
very useful for our daily life .
it wont download on . why .
i only get black image whenever i call someone with use video call . i've already reinstall for twice and this thing be keep happen , tell me what be go on and fix it .
voice message can be hear clearly .
i love this app so simple to contact with each others .
please update to a new version and feature . its kinda bore with this version .
because the mb of this apps to much .
we chat be always reliable always work .
just update v . 1 . 0 . 76 r19377but encounter big problem . after start the app , it revert out from the menu main screen within a few second . even after uninstall and reinstall the app . can log in same old id . now cannot use wechat at all . terrible upgrade .
really nice and amaze .
i love this app .
nice app .
why it can't install .
tq wechat . you help me to connect with my ex classmate . it's good .
use it more than whatsapp , more feature in it .
i dont know it , i try to download it but it not wirking . please fix it .
its better than other social ap .
i love this app because its very nice to chat with friend and play game moree .
overall okay . just really disapointed with thr notication . my friend reply me on the spot and i receive late 20minutes . please do somthing .
love it .
i love it very much the best app ever .
i love and enjoy we chat so much even its very fun to talk face to face our friend and family through video call and even i able to find a true friend and enjoy a lot thank we chat .
great job with the app .
great app that do not require much bandwith to stay connect .
it's awesome to use the wechat .
this app be so cool .
i'm satisfy with this application so far .
its a good app .
it's good .
i love it .
must be download app .
great app tnx a lot , more power .
user friendly . but there be a problem that it ge .
cool app .
never fail to connect .
i love it because i can video call and voice like phone call . also i can send messag , voice message , send photo and vidios . but one thing problem be various .
very nice .
what happen i cannot open we chat after download it .
enjoy this application . but need to upgrade the maintenance .
very comprehensive message application . keep me connect .
unbelievable call feature .
now day always hang and many issue . hold n talk always send out automatically .
please make an option for front camera when use sight .
i can't install we chat be there a problem or download . i can't too . i need help to download .
its good and its flawless but can you update it so we can share video in moment instead of sight . sorry for my grammar .
i m not able to reinstall the app on my phone plz do help .
for some reason on my new phone i cannot access my we chat wallet . please help i have money on it .
i love it . cant live without it .
nice app .
but i nat popper at video call didn't use app but i call my friend i can't not see his pic . but i can hear the sound proper .
i like wechat .
why i can't install this damn thing app .
the best .
can't download .
i have get unity between us by wechat group .
you have add more .
need to be more faster .
the update always use a lot of space the update doesnt change a lot but use a lot of space i always uninstall and install this app back because of b . u . g please fix that two thing .
i like wechat .
cant even sign up for we chat , useless , we aint chat here .
friend radar be not work . it's juz simply rotate n no friend r find fix dizz .
when i finish download and its show instal . it will never install . its say unknown error code during installation 24 . what that mean . help me pls .
great application .
it be very bad app .
why we chat cant send any message .
error say unable to download picture neither upload . pls fix this .
good job .
i want to delete account please send me confirmation email .
very nice app .
very slow load photo and video in moment .
its really hard to download this apps . i dont know why . my internet connection be really good . its make me feel annoy and tire of wait . its just waisting my time .
team wechat . add some more feature like last see and notification while type massage have be see etc .
in near by friend it always show friend of different country as well it doesn't show near by friend .
very good .
super nice .
good app bt some aspect have to fix .
i love it .
why i cant log in anymore . pls help me i need ds app .
i install thi package be so long time .
but i can't mention my friend name at group on wechat . hope you will fix this problem .
this be the worst chat app fake .
can after this make a online indicator . it show friend be online or not . easier to make a chat .
evry thng be good but face problem in reqst send . its show successfully send but at other end they be not get my reqst . please sort it out will give full rat .
it wont off automatically and consume more battery .
i'd love this with material design . i don't really like the intro image with the moon .
i wish i could download it .
best ever social app . smartphone friendly . include great feature .
great i use it without any problem .
why can't i make voice message a ring tone anymore please fix it i want to make the voice of my friend my ring tone .
but if we can know the have the message anot be better .
i like this app very much .
love it .
good video quality and useful in international country .
better than other .
100 perfect .
i hope i could share video through dubsmash or b612 either than sight . maybe .
ermm . because if you want to mesej for your best friend you can try a wechat .
annoy session time out .
i love be this apps .
awesome apps . connect now .
i suggest to remove this application from google play . and delete it forever .
i love wechat because it use less bandwidth so it keep work when viber be break up .
great app .
good can make new friend around the world .
nice app . very useful and secure .
enjoy it .
wechat consume a lot of resource . my phone be slow down while use wechat . worse , my tablet freeze often too . the tablet run smoothly now after i uninstalled wechat . moreover , it's very annoy when i have to relogin every time i switch my device . can't wechat acknowledge that one user might have multiple device it'd be very appreciate if the device could sync the data automatically by themselves . it's very unpleasant to have to manually back up and restore every time i switch device .
video call .
perfect for chat with people from far away .
so good .
this be the best app i have ever use .
my star before 2 month and now .
its not let me to install this .
i cant receive the otp . so there be no way i can use the official account without it . plis help .
wechat very good 4 the 2 hu r nlove .
very good app .
when i open my we chat account after sign in it appear the earth again and gain and why the apps automatically log out i've already submit my problem in your feedback site but still no one respond my message please do something .
love it .
love it .
because be a free message and call app that allow to you easily connect with family and friend .
the sticker be so cute .
love it .
lover use fst .
please make an option where i can share a song wave at moment .
love it .
this be only my opinion . if u like it , please upgrade it so we can comment moment by use voice msge . hihihi .
i really hate the noisy thingy when there's a network issue , voice call , and when i log out and try to log in , it say incorrect login . i enter like 10 time with focus , please . just do what they want to suggest something .
its great .
it keep say something about a unapproved app .
great for connect with my international friend .
doesn't use a lot of memory .
i love .
maybe i will give 5 star if you fix my problem . i try to put my own backgroud but cannot . it only can put your backgroud chat . can you please fix it .
love it but please it so stupid when i have to wait even this download finish faku .
i love it .
very good app .
i like this app .
i be unable to use the option people nearby whenever i open he say unable to find your location even i open gps . so team help me .
i like it .
so great .
i hope can upload sight by cut long video from our phone .
hi there . i've upgrade my android from 4 . 1 to 4 . 4 ics to kit kat . since then , i'm unable to send or receive picture . please repair it . btw , i'm use samsung galaxy note 8 . 0 .
but , wechat team . can give us one chance to change our id , once only . please .
it do'nt workk . it say . my sd card full but when i check back at option . my sd card not full . so i cant write some moment . i must uninstall it . and install again . fuck apps .
it's user friendly and i love use it to connect with friend .
thank to wechat cause youre my destiny . you make me meet my old friend .
i don't like it .
wechat very good i can find much friend .
i like it .
ilove wechat so much .
shit why have to use wifi . i have data alredy .
very good .
nothing to say . just thumb down .
no notification of message , can't receive message at all . message will pop up only when i open the application . please help me fix this .
please update signal people online wechat .
its hilarious i love it so much i can video chat with my bestiess .
i cant make status post . if i want to write something i have to upload a photo with it . but all my other friend dont have this problem .
omg this app cool .
meet new people .
cant use sight .
love this app .
too lag when we install this application .
but after 2months wechat use almost 1gb of my phone storage . i try delete many conversation but its still the same . may i know why be this happen .
good app .
i like this very much because it be the best .
i want to use this .
take with someone at that .
can u change to new theme .
it would be perfect if wechat update its design to be more material , like what whatsapp do .
past few week , i encounter some problem whereby i can't view nor update moment even check some friend nearby . place a message to wechat team but no avail . can anyone help this out . thank .
why when i want to post picture and then it say unable to send this photo i already update the new wechat version .
great app .
unknown error code during application install 24 . what's this .
we have this be good but it still slow ok but don't worry it nice sticker and so .
the best of the best .
perfect way to hear a friend or love one voice who's far away .
very cool .
nice to chat .
please make an option for us to delete our account permanently . i have like a lot of account and i'm not use them so i want to remove them permanently but there be no option also my swcond reason be i want a private life .
i have hey galaxy s3 why cant i text horizontally with wechat why do my phone not rotate horizontally for wechat .
i love it .
now have problem view friend moment picture be start by 15 05 2015 until today same as i can't send any picture to my friend all picture that be send will be show in blank grey color then will be turn in to a reload icon red color ok problem be solve be just need yo uninstall and reinstall again . now recover back 5 star for this app .
i cant seem to get my chat log back after uninstalling and instal again . urgently need help . important info be in there and unless this get fix , i'm only give it one star .
it work . thank a lot .
njoy to use wechat .
why i cannot instal wechat why keep error what happen i need this apps .
we chat dont show see status even message have already be see . and also we chat dont share online option .
its good before but when my phone get in trouble this apps i cannot install it again in my phone . why .
love it .
one of fun app .
i hope sight will have front camera .
why don't u make a free contest for everyone to get google redeem card please .
i like it somuch the wechat . coz its clever to make communication to anyone . thank wechat .
great app .
i like this app but when i sign up make me so confuse and make me so seriuse wechat can you help me and how to use it .
it let u communitie with the person of other region who doesn't know english .
the great app , recommend for us .
when i sign up , it always say invalid phone number . please fix . ty update review hi , i already go through the link that u mention for the support . until now i get no response receive . 05 16 15 update review 2 no response from your team till now . disappoint .
i love it .
v . good .
the best video chat quality .
its cool .
not good .
please give me a chance to get it this again .
i love it .
nothing ti .
send message will beep out loud even in silence mode .
its good in video as well as audio .
love it .
i don't know how to share a song to my friend in moment . please tell me how to share .
my account be always block password doesn't work .
whenever i instal this and log in my account this log me out and ask me to update the version i think this be the latest version but still the same problem do somthing plz .
description say that this apps be use by over half a billion of people , but the download just hardly exceed 100 milions oh math .
i like it .
its really good for video and audio call .
i reinstall 2 time but look around option be not show up there be only shake , scan qr , game . m yphone be lg g3 wait for your reply de .
after instal wechat v6 . 1 over my android 4 . 4 . 4 , i'm unable to login over my previous device nokia belle refresh os instal with wechat v4 . 2 . 0 . even after log off from android , it keep on show your id be log in else where over my nokia device .
very good apps . but cnt save more favourite sticker .
i can't even make or receive any call wether voice or video . can someone assist me thank .
love it .
love it .
nice we chat .
i hope that i see who's my friend be online . pls fix it .
i have two account on wechat . there be no provision for account deletion . i have send support request for remove my both the account . still nothing be do . pl help me out . i need urgent solution .
and sometimes i can't type or reply massage . pls fix it .
wake up too many time 30 hr , occupy a lot of memory , and can only receive message while main app be in memory even though it support gcm .
this app have be one of the best instant message app i've ever use but a little material design will make the app look definitely better .
nice app .
wechat be gud app as the call be gud and every thing be ok but still come hang prblm .
good apps .
what be your first day .
i like .
very nice .
good but it take long time to be download complete .
fast update beautiful plz , like whatapp now so nice already , i hope wechat can do that too , thank you .
love it .
i like it .
the good thing be can chat , voice call n video call . the bad thing be , cannot rotate the screen . tq .
for this app .
i can't view image send from my friend . please fix this asap .
i'm love it .
nice you .
this be a good app but i wish people that i do not know wont be able to send me message without me add them as a contact .
i've be use wechat for almost 1 year and this be the first time this thing happen . i can open my wechat , but then my phone will hang and it'll stop work . please help me .
please allow backup .
i cant download this app due to android problem . my phon be not update with the android and wont install this app . wechat i need to use this app to connect to my family .
do almost everything .
the bst .
earlier version be good , but now this app ll waste our valuable time bec der be no option to search our nearest frds , so i request u all plz dont use this n won't waste ur time . very . very worst app .
can i make a new account with a same phone number .
good app .
i always see want to update but dun have new function .
the moment be so lag after i update .
very good app .
love this app so much .
i cannot change my wechat id it make me crazy i hope u could fix it .
i try many time but it say it be your account i can't sign up please fix this i hav a lot story to tell ma friend .
really love it . i hope you guy make a new update just like a whatsapp . i love it .
nothing to say its just ok to me .
love it .
wechat can give me free and easy . thank .
ilove it .
i still cant install it back . its not work it . i need this app . its a good app .
why my wechat always log off itself huh . evenmore , when i shut down and on my phone , the shortcut disappear from my phone homescreen please do fix this .
work fine .
just improve on the sight section . its a lil bite annoy sometimes .
put some indication for 1 . last see date 2 . if they be in online .
very good .
very good chat .
i do not download we chat .
can update it to rotate please .
love it .
wow awesome .
a good app .
great to keep in touch with anyone especially overseas .
its still not show its mb .
spam . advertisment all the time .
wechat team need to stop with the constant competition spam message . the constant notification be really annoy . if you cant stop it then at least let us remove wechat team .
love it .
when i try to install the app back after uninstalling , a message show error while installation 504 appear . i be unable to download the app , please let me know how can i fix it .
love thiss app socmed .
very easy use , good feature overall good experience .
operation too frenquent yeah kya hai be bsk .
love it .
wechat be awesome but sometimes it always hang .
not bad .
i love it .
it be very nice application for video call and voice call .
incredible app . thx .
i love it .
good app but one problem .
past few week , i encounter some problem whereby i can't view nor update moment even check some friend nearby . place a message to wechat team but no avail . can anyone help this out . thank .
its good its just need to show when people be online .
. work well .
follow my ig chevintage and come join us via facebook group malaysian bidder programme coolest auction ever in malaysia tq .
group miss after clear chat even in group folder doesn't have in it .
i can't update moment . it fail everytime even when the wifi be as fast as lightning . fix it please .
first of all the account get log out automatically . now when i be opt for forget password n log in via sms , i be not receive the code by sms . pls help .
i won't download at all to not get it at all .
this app be awesome .
we chat .
work well on s5 . just a bite user un friendly . but will get use to that . work well though .
it be just flawlessly cool . i hereby recommend it to everyone .
very nice app .
really annoy when it ring in priority mode on android 5 .
cant download . its just continue to show download but it doesnt changebat all . doesnt show any progress at all .
love this apps easy to use . work my bluetooth headset . love it .
i love this app sir plz add online notification .
very nice .
very nice .
great app .
easy to communicate yourself with rest of the world .
easy to use .
the app i great . feature be good but the performance and speed be where it kill itself . also i guess it create lot of folder and file which can be optimize .
not bad but pless fix the sight i want be long time to sight tq .
it's free and easy . what else would you ask for .
the awesome app ever .
i like .
way better than wechat .
i like this app .
if love others god also love you .
pls try it .
hello admin hey how can i upload mp3 song and any video for share on my moment .
app be some time not work in background . need to start again .
it suck .
it make ur easy to conect with ur frend .
good application .
i love it .
the app be nyc but plz make sure dat , whenever . we block . someone . , he not able to see our profile pic .
i love it we talk together this be a very good app .
when i install this app . it be stop due to an error again and again . i be very frestrated . plz help me .
love it very much .
sometimes it log off automatically and crash .
good app .
i don't understand some of you who give negative comment . wechat be better than whatsapp . whatsapp be too bore for me .
everytime i open the application while i'm online with my account the app just close from it self i try to log in with another account with the same device it work then i sign in again to my first account it do the same thing i turn off my wifi and open the app and it have open without internet connection but i turn on my wifi again while i'm in the app it do the same thing close by it self i can't delete the app because if i do my conversation and chat history will be lose please help .
its really great .
i love this app .
next update please add option clear all moment please .
awesome app .
love it .
as china be know for its unreliable product . this apps be totally unreliable and it's have lot of bug . to be mention few automatic addition of unknown friend and hang a lot . need to improve a lot .
luv it .
i like .
unable to find people nearby while use phone data but work fine when connect to wifi .
its great but my first account be block . why .
good application .
good application .
it's waste of use because it's invalid . and shake be not perfect . i have a problem in shake . if i shake it view no result find .
we chat be what facebook messenger should be and be not . compact , easy to use , fast and fun . it really do most thing very well . it could be more open to non device photo and music source , but that's the 15 it need work . not a problem and something to look forward to .
easy to chat friend .
its very easy n fun . can contact n make personal member chart room .
my wechat keep show there's 2 unread notification when there's none . i try uninstalling and instal it back but problem still there . and my previous chat log be go please fix this asap .
good conversation , clear video .
application crash on me . have to reinstall and data go miss even after restore . please fix the problem .
for those who r alone n need a support very much .
this app close automatically when i open it . i cant do anything . i install and uninstall this app for several time but there no difference , still the same . why . i will give five star if you can fix it as soon as possible .
not wrong prprly wid ma new software update .
it's cool .
that be fun really fun okey omg .
i love this application .
love it .
this social message be good .
why tell me i can't see picture and cant see take picture and can't change background wallpaper pls help me to let it do pls thx .
it be 12 time i hot to reinstall this app . what happen .
again and again get log out automatically n get problem in find friend .
do new thing for the come version like upload video on moment or can do a sight use front camera .
i update the application . after that when i open it up , it just open close automatically within a second . now if i uninstall the application , i would lose all my chat history n unsaved medium file .
this app do not work .
love it .
fully waste app there be no use of reward offer dont download friend .
its good . use it often .
not bad .
good luck .
do wechat with new desing , material desing please .
i love it .
its cool and awesome social network .
when shake the phone many time , it would not come out . even thou my internet connection be alright .
wechat app have some bug in lollipop version of android . it do not work properly .
awesome apps for connect people .
good one .
i love it .
this be a good app for all .
i enjoy with this app .
love it .
its a cool app .
i cannot mention my friend in group , cannot send my friend id to other much more .
awesome feature with easy accessibility .
voice call video call not good .
the photo verification page get bug after choose 2photos , can't touch the confirm button at bottom cover under the phone button refresh button . and after a couple of fail attempt , you guy lock my account and the so call verification sms don't work if not send from china .
very helpful .
even thou this be my first time but be really enjoy it . so be givin u 5star .
i can't even delete my account everything be fine except for the fact that i can't delete my account .
only give 5 star if voice call and video call be clear .
unfortunately wechat have stop whyy i want to use it please fix my wechat right now .
i think my i phone get a problem . wechat can't use as impossible . can get or not . please give some tip how i wanna download it .
wow what's great .
hi , i don't recieve the veeification code by sms , by phone call just hang up and by email doesn't allow in my country , what to do cause i need this app . thank .
when the wechat will be update .
good way to comm with others .
we use this apps in everyday . very helpful .
great app .
this be so great . i enjoy it .
wechat wooh l love this app nothing beat it it's simply the best ever .
thanx alot .
why my wechat can log out by itself i cant get my friend chat when its log out . damn it please fix the bug .
with passion .
so i can type any bullshit status i want .
come on wechat 5 . 2 .
awesome n fabulous .
sometime good for me .
decent and full of nice feature .
why i can't see my friend pic all turn blank grey box . pls fix this bug .
i like wechat , because it's easily a communicate with my family .
sync problem all the time please fix it i get nothing wrong with my wifi its just the sync thingy so pls fix it asap fix it .
awesome app .
why can't install this app .
i love you .
after i update , all my full sticker have go now need to buy again this i suck .
good app .
not only have grp chat , call but have also network business info n lot of info . thank .
the best .
happy to have this apps .
bad connection to use video call .
it doesnt allow me call my friend and give me an error that we be not wechat friend while surprisingly they can call me and we can chat fine . fix the issue or either guide me how to fix it .
i dint find any friend who use wechat . sorry wechat . gotta pass it .
how to delete my we chat acct .
faster the response .
i like it .
wow thank for improve o you be cool now video its clear .
i really like this app but d only feature that make this app special to me doesn't work . the people nearby feature doesn't work . fix it .
after phone call , now i be use wechat all time due to it's fulfill my all demand very easily . i forget many popular apps like skype , facebook , whatsapp . etc . and again thank you wechat developer .
sadly , unable to use my slide down qwerty keyboard . also when use other apps wechat may close automatically you won't get any notification .
love use this .
i think this app be perfect hay . people download this app .
a different approach to chat client that actually seem like step sideways and not in a good way . no archive or email function available for chat . the location service doesn't work on a note 4 user that be supposedly local be really thousand of mile away , if it even say it's enable .
i love wechat but you can change wechat for use theme please sorry . bad english .
awsm apps for me . its help me a lot . love uh all .
i love this .
i uninstall the my wechat and now it doesn't want to be instal again it give me hard time please help .
love it .
i think the video call image be very poor you guy should do something about that .
it doesn't work .
worst app i have evr use . jus hate it .
i cannot send video or image . be there any problem .
don't like how you're not able to delete your account permanently . the admins don't help you either . but overall , i do like this app .
i love it .
soo helpful .
i want to delete my accoun and make a new id how could i do this .
love it .
superb app .
awesome app , thank .
wechat be nice app .
keep up the good work .
just update to v6 . 2 but encounter big problem . after start the app , it revert out from main screen within a few second . now cannot use wechat at all . terrible upgrade .
i cant see pict from the other ,
i like we chat so much .
i cant login my wechat and i forget my old email too . so please help me . urgent and very important .
my chat history be all go the fuck i hate you my group chat all be go that group chat i be talk about something important now its all go fuck you bitch gove me back my chat history .
so easy to talk to my friend all over the word .
but 1 request .
great communication .
this application be very nice . there should be a option for last see .
why i cannot out from group chat .
this app be really good and the best way to keep in touch with your love one thank we chat keep it up .
very good .
i use we chat since 2013 .
so cool .
love it .
this app super then sometimes not work at shake .
so sad .
nice app .
i love it .
very good app .
good app .
it's very good app .
that be very good application . i love it so much .
very nice .
really excellent app .
love it .
access to many people be so easy . i love it .
i like this app .
nice one .
very good work even in slow connection .
i download it many time , but it doesn't work . fix it for 5 star .
very nice .
love it .
good app .
sometimes slow but very good and feature work very well .
communication with other people .
i cant recall my pic and message after 2 minute please fix this problem as soon as possible thank .
after i update my wechat i cant load any picture in a moment and i cant click it and open it . thank .
my account have be block . i have do recovery account . but it always retry . what should i do .
firstly i download this app .
whenever i want to open the app , it always return me to the home screen .
can wechat make a popup notification so that we can easily to read the message without open the apps just a suggestion .
i think in the future update i hope the developer can add filter feature on moment , filter on moment on what you want to see , sight , text , music , all , etc , that will be great and can save lot of data , thank .
i cannot download it . kindly fix this asap . thank .
can not load video at all , prefer whatapp .
it be awesome .
i like this wechat because i can promote my bussiness to all my friend .
good apps .
a very slow and laggy in a low end device such as i90 , how do i make it fast or you might wanna fix it .
cant make video call . my vitual n my friend upside down . when make voice chat . its stucked in chat box till the limit time be end by itself . why .
i find a serious girlfriend in this room .
love it .
like it .
so awesome .
one phone can only activate an account once , not one account , but only once which mean if your account get lock after one activation , you need a new phone number , ridiculous .
not bad .
best chat network .
i have some request i wish that wechat can do some improvement when we record our video can more longer .
build more version and function on this apps .
my favorite .
enjoy the we chat .
it's a good apps actually . but the sticker be bore .
it have beautiful and many cute sticker that i download for free .
be upgrade lately and it be slow and lag .
just four star for you . but , over all i like this app so much .
please put a delete wechat account option in the app . i jus dont like the app and i want to delete my wechat account . but i cant delete it . pls delete my wechat account my wechat ids prannoys21 and prannoys2 .
the old ios style be back . design the app follow the android standard be such difficult .
very useful , i can get in touch with my friend anywhere anytime what a great thing for me .
very nice .
be it to just rate something .
the application always close so suddenly . last time never have that problem b4 . my phone be asus fonepad k004 . pls fix asap because my account hv many important stuff .
so good .
why there be no accept button in greet send to me .
i love it .
easy to use .
its a very fast . nd it easy to chat with friend .
it happen very often that when my fren wechat me and i didn't get any notification . and this make me reply them very late . what be the mean of this apps if it didn't inform u have get message .
it's so cool with this .
it won't refresh , i can't send any msg , i don't receive any latest chat . so i try to log out and log back in , but unfortunately i can't log in . why .
sync problem all the time please fix it i get nothing wrong with my wifi its just the sync thingy so pls fix it asap .
a new versiom chat . more friend can't find and great chat online .
excellent app .
love it .
love it .
im enjoy use this .
great way to chat .
why be i receive the message so late be it the wechat problem n one more , i send the voice message to my friend at 12am it receive at 7am what be this pls fix it .
very good .
application 9ice one . a place 2 get w friend .
not bad .
when i open it say close automatically i hat it hope soon can fix it .
its good .
video quality be amaze and voice quality be crystal clear .
nice app .
average app .
love it .
this good .
hi , can u just help me to delete my account permanently . thank you .
regular reward . love it .
get no response from any of contact also none of any feature work . htc desire 816 .
i love this app it be so fantastic although it be like whatsapp i don't mind .
gud app .
this be really nerve rack . everywhere i turn my phone it show me upside down . please fix this i will uninstall and reinstall in a attempt to fix this myself ,
nice application .
it be ok it freeze my screen for some reason .
nice app .
love it .
the only problem be that the camera won't switch round . annoy .
the best .
enjoy it a lot .
be so they more .
its awesome .
wechat have improve much . only thing at time audio in video call be not much clear . rest all good .
awesome sosial network .
very nice app .
well , i live in india but hate the indian sticker . so lame . instead i want access to all sticker use by my friend overseas .
love it .
love it .
i have some problem when my friend send a sight on chat it become just plain white picture but the sight in moment be fine .
would be great if can upload video like upload in instagram .
after use wechat a few week , it will stop receive message from others as well as cannot send message to others . so i have to reinstall my wechat to get it work which be very frustrate . the device i'm use be samsung galaxy s3 .
very nice .
like it because it very easy .
awesome this wechat download now .
very convenient to use . useful apps . android only but in my lumia window 8 . 1 , poor apps . , no notification , 1 minute before open .
why i can't change my profile pitcure . unable to upload photo .
too good .
i already download and its show my app isn't instal what happen .
it be d good app coz we can get good frnds frm different country . awsome .
i love it .
love it .
my company and me use this app everyday . haha good job .
i love this app .
the sticker should be modify with more description i . e . good morning good night etc .
why my friend can't see my picture and sticker when i send .
hey wechat developer , why i can't download your wechat i have try a couple of time now but still say that there be an error while download it . i have this app on my smartphone before i format my phone . now i can't download it anymore eventhough i m right next to the modem . any suggestion .
quite good apps except the emoji consume memory space too much .
i love it . it can help me to chat with someone . love itr .
very good .
love it .
like it .
it's great .
this be the most nice wwb .
cant delete cover photo and delete account .
love it .
its a great app but im have trouble to log in . will be a 5 star app .
i wanna make a new acc . how do i deactivate my acc . to start a new one with the same number .
i don't want to receive message from the official wechat account . annoy .
why i cant install this app after i uninstall it . help me to get it back .
not sure why , the latest update just cause my phone system ui to crash non stop . can't even use my phone , restart doesn't help . luckily i be able to backup my important stuff .
keep it up wechat . i give u 5 star . but still improvement can be make though .
because can not change the font size even i re install the application .
love it .
only chinese appear .
nice app .
i like it .
this be best app .
i like it . this web very convenient for every one .
we chat .
love it .
i have use we chat .
be ban after one day of make my account for log in with unauthorized app with this official app .
the perfect software for chat . wonderful .
its feature .
good condition .
its very useful .
great app easy to use and functional .
wechat be good app .
love this apps so much .
just have 6 day .
good app .
why my account always log out fix it quick .
not the best but pretty good .
wechat be very good .
whenever i'm chat someone , my own emoji didn't appear . and when i want to post something , i cant post my emojis . please fix it i want to use my emoticon .
pls update , no notification now , thank .
wechat be good to keep contact with friend , family and biz associate .
its work .
i don't like it cuz when i close the prog . don't run in the back i haven't receive any massage .
it do not work well on android 5 . 0 and make only error ang get us to back like back app .
the best ever .
voice call video call .
great program . thank a lot . it's the best application can use .
why u pepole dnt update ur app it have be long tym u havent update ur app the luk of the app be so bore plzz update it with material design as every app have be update u pepole be still stick on the android 4 . 2 design update ur design itz too old to use .
i hate this app , say da fuvk for this app .
i have any friend .
why im use this application the contain file will be large 80 . 00mb in my sony xperia smartphone .
i can't even save one picture from here . please fix this bug will you .
i love it u can keep in touch with friend and family member .
lov it very unique worth ur time only if ur interest .
i be an android user , and i can't see certain emojis , how you i fix this .
so good .
why i cant install this app after i uninstall it . help me to get it back .
it's be a great way for my girlfriend and i to be able to talk to each other while she's in china . i 100 recommend this app .
love it .
love it .
really enjoy this app .
high five .
it's cool we can talk each other .
nice apps though but some time it reset your massege when you delete the wechat please make a restoration for wechat like whatapp .
i be a 2 year wechat user . this app be the most reliable app of them all .
more than 2 year and work properly get better and better .
great app .
very nice program .
this app be very nice especially voice quality i love it .
nothing work . please fix .
i love this app but i constantly miss important message sometimes i will receive message , and other time no notification come through and i only receive message if i open the app and open the chat , wait a minute and then load of message come through . as i'm use this app to talk to chinese friend who don't use other social medium that i do this be our sole mean if communication . i have a htc m8 and it have no problem other than with this app . please could you respond with suggestion .
best program .
new version only limit 150 custom sticker and i hate it force me to delete all my favourite custom sticker until leave 150 what a shame .
i love it .
i like we chat however recently my phone update the o s to android 4 . 4 . 3 and now i can't see any new image or sticker my friend send to me . all other program still work fine wechat be the only app with this issue . terribly disappoint . i have version 6 . 3 of wechat i don't know why for an older version be put against my comment . wechat support do you even read your email i have contact you multiple time about this issue and not a single response . you be aware this be a bug will u fix it .
very good .
nice app , every one can use it simly .
love the competition .
we chat be awesome chat .
very good .
not competible like with the others .
the best im ever .
nice to use it .
when i open my we chat account after sign in it appear the earth again and gain and why the apps automatically log out i've already submit my problem in your feedback site but still no one respond my message .
very convenient .
so light great app , take it to the bank .
quite good .
we chat .
i love this app . this app popular in malaysia my country . thank .
why i can't link to my qq account .
very good .
super love this app .
very good .
it be so quick to download . thanx .
i love we chat .
easy to use n full of cute emoticon voice call n video call r highly recommend .
this app be behtreen hai .
the latest update cause my lg g2 phone keep crash once in a while only during the voice call . sometimes the other party didn't see any incoming call eventhou i tell them that i'm call and they can receive text message . they just can't see any incoming call , and vice versa , i can't see any incoming also once in a while . call quality be good but once in a while user on the other side can't hear my voice and vice versa , its like its accidentally mute and then we have to call again .
good . awesome .
cannot delete the account . the worst application .
good aap for free video call .
we meet with many people by it .
like other .
good use of application .
love it .
very cool program .
after so long i online i cant change my profile picture .
mybe the video length could be improve .
i love .
that's good .
it's awesome .
plz make the wechat have a epic game like dota .
just nice .
why cant deactivate .
not many friend use this and sony's stamen function complain that this app doesn't support it . else it seem like a nice app with many great function .
love it work perfect .
very beautiful .
a fail program .
somthng's wrong with ths app . it cannot update the moment . no new update moment appear . it happen various time . i hve to uninstll it n install it bck to make it normal again . but how many time i've to redo it .
very beautiful .
i dont know wats wrong with this app wen evr i try to send request sm people who r in my contact after sm moment again say add . why like this .
we chat .
becuze i find someone special here .
how many time i try to sign up but i didn't receive verification code .
very good app .
cant view any picture . even in chat . or view contact's pict .
super app .
i love it . great apl .
very beautiful .
dis be my third tym to install it they always ask my password but im always log in .
shake isn't work again . how can i fix this .
app be great , but can you enable popup notification when app be not open .
good app .
this app be great cause i can text and voice message my family overseas for free its fun its good quality .
very good and easy to send message , video , picture and everything . d .
whats happen i just update wechat , why i cant open my we chat now .
i love it .
very good .
very good .
80 be gay on your people nearby hahaha .
jos . look like d .
dnt about da app it's good to chtt som1 special d .
how can we unfriend someone who be a friend by shake .
fever upon him , then buy out .
pretty good .
i like .
why after the update , sometimes flash back phenomenon , not only that , sometimes very late receipt of information , you can improve it .
its ok .
like many stain amc .
thank wechat i can meet up with friend around the world .
rvh pasa .
cant make sticker .
sound msg and pic attachement work fine when i contact a person in china this be the reason i instal it . it be much use and know in china .
why my we chat be unsucessful instal .
some comment aelloukaat out alone ialit of director be bmalajh bummer .
the disadvantage that it do not open .
so good .
i wat to get this to please .
the good .
kvzal juq .
very stable apps , never have any connection problem .
very like .
these folk have put more into this app under one year than whatsapp do in 5 year .
i can't log in my wechat .
sticker be amaze . everything be perfect .
i be able to keep in touch with family around the world . i love our family chat group .
nice beautifully app .
wechat be the best for me .
very innovative and helpful . love it .
the best comunication app ever .
like the call function and the layout .
this one have excellent apps . i recommend to everyone .
it's ok .
i like the we chat .
nothing to say , i'm just satisfy with it .
very good .
so slow after update and cant receive any msg after update . keep on and of only than msg will pop up .
the push notification for message do not work and i have to open the app to know if there's a message result in me miss message hour late . really annoy .
user friendly .
how to root xiaomi redmi easy way to get a chance to win the game be at the end of the most important thing be that the n to get a chance to win the lottery ticket to see you soon and to get a chance to win the game be at the end of the most important thing be that the only thing i can do it for a while back and forth between the two .
push notification not work , i need to open the wechat app , then every new message pop up . i do anything , like clear data cache and reinstall the app but still have problem .
very nice app .
why my moment didnt come out as always and also cannot reply message . fix this lah , people keep complain on it .
just need improve more to enjoy the new feature , and sometimes can't find people look around . that's all . so far good and excellent . love it .
nice to chat .
i'm tire of wait . i've be wait for one hour and the app doesn't send me my sms code .
if u introduce the invite and earn option to wechat then i will invite 50 of my friend to wechat this be my challenge can u .
because it be very useful for me .
i like so much for this app .
hat it .
can't shake please fix this .
nice app .
video call wow .
cannot install in my phone .
nice and easy .
very good .
love it .
why i cant install this app . please help me .
it won't log in on second profile on android lollipop . it work perfectly on the primary profile , but not on a second profile . please fix xperia z3 . lollipop 5 . 0 . 2 .
always service failure when instal new version .
also love it .
it's awesome .
very good .
very like .
best app to stay connect to friend .
great application ever .
get to meet new friend . i super love this app . for me we chat be the best .
man i can't load my moment right now .
doesn't say anything . i love this application . well do .
love the sticker .
love it very much .
while share photo in moment , pretty frustrate .
love it so much .
i love this app . keep it up .
nice 1 .
i use wechat for long time because i can share photo and song from qq music here and i have a lot of friend from other country .
very beautiful .
everytime i shake , it keep tell me no result find . try again i've delete and redownload the app and i've also log out and log in again and it still doesn't work . my friend and i be have the same problem . please fix it soon .
love have it .
crash often .
very good .
this app be conceptually great but there be 2 incredible annoy bug . 1 . sign out randomly in the background so you have to keep check to see if you have a message wait rather than wait for the notification . 2 . when voice call , the app always decide to switch to loudspeaker , mid conversation and you have to ask you he caller to kindly wait while you switch back only to have to do the same again after a few second .
it's perfect .
brilliant app .
the best wechat i love it .
nice but add some online offline indication because many account be deactivate so people can know which account be activate or not . thank u .
whats wrong with chat whenever i send a message to my any friend it give an error message that the message be send successfully but reject by the reciver i want to show you screenshorts but i donn't know how to send you .
shake isnt work . fix it please .
awesome video clarity when in wifi or 3g network . this app would sound great if we could view the last see of people .
i hate it .
love it .
there be .
the best .
wechat the best app that i find . but slow when video or voice call .
simply good .
how to recover my wechat id i'm tire make new id everytime .
good application i like it , try it out nd see .
all enter the program to inform ouhdo maidkhal and i hope to solve the problem .
rowoah god bs hjb mapeh update and beah fill mahloh get out alone to comment hmat fill adoj i wish tlkon resolve soon .
bangsat already 97 tau lose . anciikk .
mazal einzl henw do you think of it .
try before .
very cool too .
well i do not like just for very unpleasant people in their image and be somewhat slow .
i use this app because i want to chat and see my crush or my love . thank guyz . good job . don't update it's good and comfortable .
i like .
the drop .
help me connect with family from a distance .
hmm bleh la .
the best .
i like this app bcoz i can chat with my friend . although it have a little bite problem . but it can fix it . thank you for this app .
cuman bsa dpt tmn in the area sndri z . gk bsa dpt tmn outside the area . earn bgt . ckp ksh 2 bintng lh z .
too bore always make my phone hang n too bore u know aduhh i kenot laa uolls ni what the fish la u i kennot la u olls ni erghh .
gas be the topic assistant can not get .
to continue p keck s93951985 .
wchat best .
very good .
very good .
very helpf ll when we feel bore , thank a lot .
i can't save any picture to phone .
i like .
i like this app .
love it .
choc man .
nicely do specifically block malaysia .
really thank wechat bring us easily microblogging . super list .
good app like it so much but there should b see zone n if a person type should b show can u plss fix it .
hello we chat help me because i forget my password we chat how to find my acct i open we chat with my db now .
frankly , what merit and not its star .
its very ok .
very good .
ape nak . so be it .
youk kom sing tomorrow .
what be miss be a report on sms service .
to make new friend .
ry gout ticket .
we chat .
very like .
timer video for sight be short . please make it a little bite longer .
very good for friend group . however , can't add simple video in chat and moment .
good aops .
simple . nice . easy .
sdok halowo and hmattin my usefulness and i akol aslmowo p design .
shi eshrd .
good friend close .
my problem bring about and i want to enter my brief from kiffa righteousness need delete it and again it down bs always become my haig and kalash adoj .
poko . y dahsyat . and .
only micro channel will flash back i use lenovo a880 i would like to ask how to use the micro discrimination lenovo do you believe it micro channel change for the better do not work harder we go in easily believe easecredit sooner than micro channel .
sometimes it's fun .
the app be awesome .
each period anghei from kiffa i hope treatment .
i would rate it with 2 star because after i instal back it , i can't even load and see all my friend post in moment . i can't even see what photo they post . i hope that you can fix it asap thank .
i like we chat .
great application .
contact with wood at providence so much fun .
like the rest of the five star .
my fahmihaki .
there be .
really useful , specially in china to communicate with friend or supplier . work perfectly .
it crash when i first open it after the update .
i accidentally uninstall my wechat why i cant reinstall . again what can i do .
why . just why . there be some sentimental value . sigh .
people nearby load forever .
to whom .
interest . i can contact with my old friend .
its good to meet new people around u just becoz of wechat .
very nice .
this app be awesome i love it .
why i cannot log in my wechat after i install the wechat .
when i be try to send it , it can't and it will say error to send . please fix it .
love it .
good job .
i'm love it .
very like .
i be love it .
i love it . i find my better half in this app . tnx .
only front camera on work . no message option . with live chat not always good application .
no problem .
love . it .
shake isn't work . how can i fix this it work once i update my app then after the day , i doesn't work again .
good app .
toi rat thich .
wonderful app .
i have try to download many time , many day , but why i still can't download only wechat can't download , other app can tell me why .
do it suport online game or download then play .
very good .
love it .
great app .
awesome app .
not bad .
log report for month but problem remain exist . please help to fix it . thank .
this app can virtually replace skype , facetime , whatsapp , sms , line etc .
like it .
nice chat app .
the size of this app be too big . why must 30 mb please reduce the size . its too big to me to install . pleasee . i'm really want to use this app .
thumb up .
be give it 3 cuz i cnt read latest news bigbrother's account its jst turn blue plz fix it guyz beside dat its great .
wechat be awesome . i enjoy for use it .
i love it so much .
there's lot of people here post their nude pic and other nuisance pic even after report repeatedly since one month there's no action try to note this information and take quick action please .
very nice its the best app ever see with video call and voice call so i give it a five star rat .
my sony smartwatch 3 doesn't display notification .
why tell me i can't see picture .
good app though for voice call . audible with zero harshness .
totally mess .
pure awesomeness .
help me i instal we chat on my tablet and it's anoying because it come up with this thing log in or sigh up i try sigh up and i type d in my phone number 063551284 and all it say be invalid phone number but my number be valid because i use it all the time i just want to chat with my friend please help me we chat .
my calendar be not work . everything be not work . pls fix it .
it's a graet tool to communicat with other peopls from the world il like it so much .
please i want to the online see or read notification in wechat like viber or whatsapp because its very useful i love this app very much and hope for the best .
sophisticate program .
i have download this app and use it for an year . then i delete it and then download it back again after a few month . now it doesn't show me the people nearby option . please fix .
do something about the momment . i want to delete all my momment but i can't . please i want to clear all my momment history .
easy to use p .
very good .
how i want to delete my account .
nice app , enjoy wechat .
can't update moment , log in log out load too long . please fix .
top post .
we love weechat we share .
this be perfect .
great app .
very good .
its a worse app .
i can't install wechat .
not easy to find people a same country . but be good for me . hahaha .
i love this app . k chaw .
no girl in this .
can the developer put gif feature in we chat so we can post gif in moment . and also google keyboard emoticon be not support in chat or moment . if you can make it happen it would be great .
its ok .
this a best wechat forever for me only .
i can't see the picture .
good , but the 90 of the people who use this app , be asian .
so bad . i have to reinstall every week bcoz cant open it . so bad .
i type my password then when i exit the app then open the app to test the password thing and nothing happen so be it even work or whatever .
very useful .
love it .
for each message . 2 . load picture be very slow . 3 . back up user's chat history for more than just 10 day .
hope that can add customize sticker in bundle .
for the most part , i like this app , but why do some of my sticker disappear or when send from someone else , not move i constantly have to delete and readd the sticker . or in one instance , uninstall the app and reinstall it .
love this .
thanx a lot we chat . i get my soulmate frm here . again thanx a lot .
fun to use . overall perfect app to find people around . only flaw be when we pickup a bottle and send a msg it go back to contact , it shud go back to let us pick a bottle again .
good to chat and free for sticker .
now day i can't log in please fix it .
best program .
why i can't look around with my account , it say that my gps be off , but my gps be always on . please help me to fix this problem .
i hope this software can add a new function like show the message be already read and show the person be online or offline .
no issue so far .
very good .
very good .
cannot login to web wechat when i leave phone at home because it only scan qr code from phone to login . what's the point .
like this app .
it's ok .
what do i do .
like other .
difficult to have the new tongue .
we . chat .
it be an good apps but sometimes it also can be a little bite annoy .
or if .
cug dc .
very good .
easy to use .
thou i enter the right number combination for the code it still say that i enter the wrong one . then later after of my many time of sign up and enter the code process it say that there be too many operation perform . like wtf .
it recommend me to upgrade . but after upgrade my wechat can't open or load .
very nice hllow .
the marsupial .
like good .
me add id kiketa .
on a kate board an automatic solution if the spirit of the language and turn it into english and enter ola gatt open .
i don't know .
hkurn perhaps hama wonderful program .
there be .
sseobon people know it .
i want young people hoaded but at aquya the fact that i be a digital service fee 07700702759 kimo .
from alakhar roowouah .
because lu goodbye to modern man .
very nice application .
like many other .
i love lick .
useless and shit .
asphalt and tapinh each xue press aalbornamj due brief . oaomeh delete it and share of a new .
wechat be the best .
magnificence as long as ahof beah my girlfriend mo sweetie .
i be not to gusfado but that bada be very , very slow and update take me to finish buff . my opinion be that the application be bad .
nice i like .
job lbghly .
claim disbelieve bakm growth suh haig shi mean a fail two day leave and return it meevth enter the well fail to islam .
a superb communication platform . the sticker be my group favourite , especially the little cat and einstein .
i like it .
very good .
it's bare .
fd shi .
the sweetest program .
last update c be very , very .
toi rat thich .
scammer and fake profile everywhere on wechat and wechat do nothing about it when you report . this isn't wechat as it be wescam . stay away from this app and the people of wechat need to wake up and deal with all of this as they be so easy to spot . i rate this app as goodbye and uninstalled .
excellent program .
kindly assist me .
very good .
connect people .
the best app . for video call . superb .
its the best .
1 sms confirmation , email signup , phone confirmation or facebook login , nothing work amaze . 2 ok , so i contact support as suggest in the reply below and get no answer from them . look like belgium be not a support country .
wow so nice and good to meet others friend .
useless . i'll stick to kik .
but some video be bleard . pls upgrade . tnx .
be good .
make a head notification after a message be receive like other app's eg whatsapp and facebook .
love it so much .
great app .
wechat be so privacy . because of wechat many people lose who the one he she love .
be the best .
i love it .
nearby search . i can't find my besties .
hello . i be unable to log . redirect to login page again and again .
very good .
i love this application .
great i love this app .
this we chat application be of no use . last year i a message that i have win recharge of 200 where i need to send message and sticker to group which indeed i do . i claim my balance of 200 but there be no such recharge do . stupid application . it also have virus in it .
great chat apps . like it . and it work well . the only think i don't like be that after every uninstalling due to format my phone , all those chat history will go .
i use shake feature but doesn't really work , so hat if i can give u 0 star then it's for u wechat team .
very nice app for video call thank you we chat .
can't leave wechat haha .
jamil program .
i love it very much . by this one can chat easily . it have video call , call , voice messege , text messege . any way i just love it .
i love this new version coz they be too many thing we can do . such as the sight . we can share our sight to the world .
please help me i forget my password and email please help me .
usually satisfy , but the voice call get drop pretty easily .
on number .
have problem with sight . sometimes , i cant play the sight . it stucks . and why dont you make the sight to be save in the phone morever , wechat be big in size . my phone memory isn't that big . help .
very good .
i can't install this app .
my storage isn't that big .
excellent app .
this app not bad .
like it .
good app .
nicely serve purpose .
hey , i cant use the video call on we chat on my lg g2 , i guess its not compatible because everytime i use it i need to be on a very light condition but still its not bright enough for me to be see on screen , while the other app be work perfectly such as skype please make it compatible to my device .
it be good .
best and easy to use .
not bad .
when i update i be not able to see people nearby option i just have to shake plz resolve this problem .
i cant receive any new message . please fix it .
this application isn't respond . i have to wait for long time . i dont like this .
it be ok .
it only load massage when i turn on the apps and not automatically on the background , pls fix .
cool thank for the app .
y i can't log in my acc please fix that n i wan last version .
why tell me i can't see picture .
i like it .
good nice .
love it .
very beautiful .
nice apps .
i suggest you to put see in chat at the next update thumb up .
i never log out from this app but , this app be ask me to log in each day . please fix .
excellent program .
when i want to post something , i have 12people need to mention tag in . but it only can mention tag 10friends please fix this instant .
always send login interface . too protect , not recommend .
leave a message any time .
saudi arabia .
thank for share your wish law nature .
like very much .
its the best no problem .
very beautiful .
i like it .
we chat .
awesome app when it give recharge .
there be .
update my wechat please .
good but if 2 day no open wechat , the message will lose .
i like it .
1 when view a video that have be send to you , you can't scroll through the video . it's just continuous playback . 2 when open a voice message and couldn't quite figure out the last part , regardless of it be 60 second long , you be force to listen to the whole message again . 3 no option to open video , image , and voice message on wifi only . 4 no option to save voice message . 5 if you decide to put these simple , yet vital adjustment to the app , i will rate 5 star .
very like .
get connect with someone new and someone that you already know .
its good .
every thing inside the apps be amaze but the video chat option be have some bug , even in 3g connection it run very crucially .
great to chat someone .
it's a good application for conversation .
if i want to change the account , how to deactive please reply .
not intuitive how to close the voice call . the receiver have to hang up the voice . if i want to cancel before , i can't there be no button and the notication cannot be cancel . old emoticon and graphic aren't high quality .
be aware of this app . you could become addict and cost you ton of precious daily time .
amaze app .
pretty good .
very good .
it's good for me and another people who need to communicate with family , friend and work as in a group or you can chat directly to someone without group .
very beautiful .
top lot .
flash back trouble have be improve .
not catch sdh read or not .
for many comunication .
ahila keteer bs if my friend if cano would not conqueror .
for more gut that tell you that you have a confirmation message .
program special and deserve five star .
i tell him after the mcder open the application need delete it and back it down and delete all the best online to llano tabneyeeye .
just fine .
in the circle of friend can not write , be sure to put a photo in order to write . why do you have to put a photo in order to write , do not put photo can not write it please solve this problem as soon as possible . thank you .
god khpellna each xue office .
very little .
bs physician brief but ruin renovation .
d forum .
bru mau yoba .
reload fail factorial program .
do not have a red symbol and then hang up the other side .
friend will be better if you find remain shake .
like it .
it be a nice application .
why so late information receive seem to every friend be 12 21 12 24 send but do not receive quick improve pls .
it be good in the aspect of what qe be pesima ofrese but qe where be the moderadoress where the fuck be fuck sick if upload video and image of child porn c and worst qe not report mada that . pesimo .
ok bgt .
this software would have like , but obviously there be a network but not send short message disappoint me a lot of problem , please update to improve the harm i uninstall it and download a lot of fun .
beautiful and very interest program .
very good bs in trouble last update please take this into account .
all you've get a problem separate open and i need to clear the program and re download it once again i hope the speed of the solution .
after the update why not search people nearby .
maeshetgl feature alzojajh .
lau ak no map error decompose . create account and appeal laibnua .
many pansy ahaha who download these apps .
aplicasion very daun .
it have many function and be quickly . funny . better than another chat app .
very good .
the great , can not hear the voice together well shiver .
connect with fan creep bear ang sa very nuuk .
be not good to open the program mivch necessary delete and carry of tani and i hope god problem solve .
god saer program mo sweet because every other day masir interfere probably mean hovouna solution .
bloat software but we have to use in the heavenly hope to improve .
subscription number can not point to open to see , distress , please faster improvement , as well as face map would be better if we increase diversification .
hayhay or hihi .
k ear dk .
love it .
very ok .
it be quite better than whatsapp . because this be video call but if we talk about space . it occupy nearly twice that competition . but okay so i will give 4 .
vdasha hala .
which picture be unable to recruit arab .
i only have a little problem with emojis it . at some emojis so i can not see them , but like that they be the real emoji when i send them .
good bgt .
vo see ce er ce not good for me destalo .
perhaps a friend have shake cock gosh .
this conversation be great .
i bind facebook now have no use facebook login , how i do not play .
not so good . a little disappoint .
i do not see you shake up or shake new g rd mde new mk .
as cunt .
it's not .
application wow .
lamb to .
sgini aja x ya .
i love .
very good .
be very good .
very good .
sweet program .
thank you .
hi there .
very good .
very nice app .
block somebody sometimes be necessary . but can system msg say msg be fail to deliver instead of your msg be send but be reject .
its be very useful i love it .
after i instal i search people nearby but it show no location find try again but i keep on my location service everything be ok in my sony xperia m .
very good .
message get delay . always receive after few hour .
its good .
i love the sticker and awesome video and conversation be good on this app ,
sweet program .
stop ask me for feedback , i hate it .
my phone number be 11 digit and when i put the number , it say that the number be invalid . why .
great app .
i like .
i enjoy this app .
recently my friend and i be have problem with crash and be automatically log out . i've try re instal but no difference . i have reinstall 4 time . some help would be appreciate . up until now i haven give 5 star .
love the sticker and the theme .
like it .
nice app .
the best .
very good .
love it .
very good .
why so bad it's always fail when i want to log in .
awesome app .
for some unknown reason it keep kick me out and i have to continually enter a password to login . i know i'm not log in from another device as it say . other than that nuisance , i love wechat and have get my friend on board .
the best 4 me .
its really super . and simple to use .
very good .
how to use wechat in laptop .
keep lag after this update , i'm run a quad core and 1gb ram android smart phone and no problem play any high requirement game , but my wechat app be run really lag please fix it as soon as possible thank .
wechat be awesome . i can talk , video call , voice call with my friend .
good app .
the problem in the last update and let that every time we learn from the program where necessary ntpth again i hope to solve the problem in the fastest time and thank you .
line and beetalk can delete account , why wechat can't . pliz upgrade it .
1ch no .
please re adjustment of the program now bejrj himself and necessary thdvh due carry nothing new i hope to resolve the problem quickly .
itdapnida well write , especially national .
quite bgs .
this app be just a shit .
this be the bestest app mesengger in the world . this be good . try it .
i can't receive text for day n cant log in to wechat once log out .
ma be good be easy leg comunicarce with family .
nice . interconnect .
good app .
promise hloowo habaybe claim attribute to louis gatt .
well except that its bug and train a bite .
instal will not be able to set the default browser .
bs beah problem manna enter it out alone without a warrant out bs be only problem .
like bnget .
when i do it a man say to me let's chat cold baby and come on buitifull .
why many people like sex in this wechat i don't like it i'm so angry .
overall interface be good however , there need to be a feature that help use select more than 1 image to send so it would not be troublesome to send image url video etc one at a time . there be a bug with the search bar too , it tend to show random letter wheneve you type to fast . please fix these bug asap and it'll be a better app for communication for everyone .
be wonderful .
make easy to call .
demi idol of the heart sya use .
excellent work .
i love .
very cool program .
stupid phone .
best chat and god .
very good . not bad .
like yaw together we chat gw .
i hope a solution to this problem after the update have be open please resolve as soon as possible .
i like it .
but it's ok .
sweet program .
magnificence ok .
waco small problem close leach .
good app .
why not open .
the program separate from alone , and force and wipe it prove again .
be halowoaoa .
perfect , but now it keep on stop .
youth to ichat malth register for the require exit out of group . calpe adzun poster after makharj , peace and god's mercy and bless be upon your brother rahim al asadi greet .
very cool mentaz .
cool ku deh ksh duajempol .
it be good .
wechat sercanth the line sercan8943 skayp a i would like to discharge glass sikici . c .
i like .
doge approve this .
dc supply cycle day .
very beautiful . bs suddenly close .
show love .
just normal .
apinh for this program yolk vdat to saa .
aydart chat i hope the discovery of a solution to the problem of everything that come out prove to be now chat while i delete and reinstall again aoaid .
e ok .
magnificence program and i be one of the strongest user of the jat bach problem after the last update come out alone bs enter upon maergh not delete it down and refer .
the broadcast message always tell , too many operation blah try again later i cant broadcast msg .
genia l .
shake it do not go on to post message to the other party do not shake .
please . mal bummer bbc will not become a fail program after a successful maakan .
not good .
sweet keteer program .
awad such bolee .
wicht gamesnya also really good and fun but there be that baseball can be open .
klo udh account punua play store ttp aja dri difficult for download aplikaski play store kecewa .
i just want to have friend . thank you .
really . i ganna b a gr8 app fr chat with frndz .
what code number i dow now .
good app .
because the addition of friend and friend when you want to delete , you can not delete buddy suck now i want to delete a friend , but not suck .
it be always stick .
good job .
smell your mother cibai , fuck u .
mate manya frds .
do the talk on the western gulf morissette good mother .
sweet recommend download .
hey everyone u need to download this app .
its get better and bettee everyday so its kk .
contact mat of convenience .
i like this app .
pake wehcat cool too .
this app be nice i like this app .
i give it 4 star because the shake pure oriental people be , i wish they could fix that please , if someone like here's my id greet chaparro05 .
hla be a problem that he come out of his own violin time back share of all the addition to the maatalaa i mean , there be a big problem keteer hope of a technical min ble rewind the old version and talat shi bottle feature run than i sincerely mean a big mistake in the subject .
i hate this because i be not able to image video to my friend .
it's awesome , i love it .
nice application . use in the work .
good app and anywhere usable .
i hope that stability and improvement speed can be increase .
there be no delivery report for the message .
great apps .
wechat very bad can't even log in keep on show an error . but use the app with wifi on .
please fix . put a tick in our own moment in order to remove more and not go out one by one . thank .
i have them all and wechat take the .
nice app .
ok bgt .
i love it .
love it .
good apps .
very useful .
hope can fix dis app on how to clear moment that long ago which we want to clear by select all and unselect .
why i can't change my phone number i need to chance it to my new phone number , i didn't use that my old number anymore because it have be block .
love it .
why when people upload a pic , it become blur .
why be it very hard to sign up it always say service failure . please help me with this .
very cool .
i hope application w3chat best permoce to chat .
still small when u use the largest size .
so fun .
love it .
hat it .
my fahmihaki .
we chat be a best app for message .
video chat quality suck too .
i love it .
sophisticate program .
like it .
it be a great app . good luck .
very beautiful .
very good .
i want to have two wechat . i ask my friend how to make two wechat . she say i need to sign up first . but how . she didn't reply . so please help me . how to sign up . teach me . i will rate 5 star if you help me . please faster i need it now .
like most .
no comment .
great way to connect .
this application have help me a lot on my work and my life but , it doesn't allow me to save the cute sticker after i update it to the latest version . i'd love it if the latest version allow me to save the cute sticker .
very good .
can't download and unkown code 24 .
audio and video call with voice and video quality . i get friend at wechat . two suggestion a once a person be block by h user he she must not be in a position to view profile pic or profile text as in whatsapp . it serve as a secrecy from unwanted people . b there must be an option to shift drift bottle friend to wechat friend so that all the message be save as memory and message , pic and video can be forward directly from chat .
love it .
why i cant send pic . i cant even see others pic in moment . it say . unable to download full image . even the sight cant open . its happen many time . bug . lag . glitch . hemm .
so easy to use and the gifs be super cute love this app .
it just take the bar to whole another level when it come to im apps .
hello , currently my account have be block . i have recover once and it log out automatically . but it still ask for recovery the account . when i put my number it say each number can get one verification once . i have be use bluestack at my laptop . im already uninstalled it . yet my wechat still not work . help me .
every time i power on off the phone , i always have to login again . use htc m9 . previous mobile phone can auto logins . pls advice .
horrible fix it pls .
super clear ang vedio cam thank you wechat i love it .
very crazy .
very good .
love it .
it be very good app to use .
like it .
please help .
very good .
good to conection .
cant you make the mb lower i can't download it . when i download this app , it will say that be error . and i have delete some of apps in my phone , but its still can't download . i hope u can fix it .
good to comminicate but it bring lot of virus .
i love this app .
i've be use this app for year and i love it but now , i can't use it anymore . it always crash as i launch the app .
the latest update cause my lg g2 phone keep crash once in a while only during the voice call . sometimes the other party didn't see any incoming call eventhou i tell them that i'm call and they can receive text message . they just can't see any incoming call , and vice versa , i can't see any incoming also once in a while . call quality be good but once in a while user on the other side can't hear my voice and vice versa , its like its accidentally mute and then we have to call again .
7 have to type my phone number i have no phone fix it plese if you dont i will hate you forever so fix it .
xperia z ultra lte . i rate it 4 star bcos if it can further improve the video call in more image clarity .
i can try for this , but whaatapps be better than wechatt , well i can try if it's work .
i'm use sony xperia z2 , wechat be stable on it with the kitkat , but now after update my mobile to lollipop 5 . 0 . 2 wechat have problem in the sound whatever in video or voice call , it's crack and don't provide clear voice , the 2 user can't understand each other , and sometimes after many try it's work good but for 1 call only then reback this problem only in wechat , the other chat apps didn't have this problem with lollipop , i hope it be fix very soon , thank in advance .
every month i have to uninstall and install it back because i can't open the moment . fix it please .
i have accidentally mistake in type my id . i need to remove it , change it or at least hide it . if its impossible i need to remove the account but when i link my email address it always till me that this email be link and i'm pretty sure thus my first time in wechat . pls help me in anything .
what awesome .
like it .
one world awesome .
this be the third time im install and uninstall . still the same happen . cant load moment and people nearby . why .
easy to contact your friend .
wow good app .
love this app .
wechat be something i have be look forward to , easy to use . like it the way i expect .
very good .
good app .
it very nice to chat .
i love this app its just amaze .
nice 1 .
very good program .
happy with it .
its take so long to install . m use 4g but still this app be very slow . not even show how much percentage download do .
gat easy to use as a mean of communication with friend .
try watch it ntn .
good emotikon'y funny .
haget kum .
ok ajdah .
go ahead .
i like it .
south yacht .
hi there .
it's me .
you also get a sister inside a circle of friend and family who have .
try already .
it be good .
i love this app .
me gusto .
wechat seem to have be steal by hacker .
leave be the number one host .
rat ok ma it ng dung wa .
enjoy it for free without come eojot .
love it .
very useful .
guzel well calwer and iwi be yary .
madi cisse .
i like .
although very easy to use but still want to improve oh . so there will be more people to use micro letter . come on come on .
very useful .
very good .
very like .
andoeneyo instal because of an error .
jeonbeon certification number be also correct , but why not come .
good app .
ok begendim .
cg temporarily dc the .
well , it would be a little better , especially student in the province .
excellent program .
well and good , even if other equipment be maintain doeseo chat natahyo than katok heh .
best yet .
top post .
it's the face of my dick , will give 7 estrellas .
very good .
rename the time to write and circle of friend can not put a good face make haste to get back to him .
practical , convenient operation after each upgrade .
simply do not work well .
very good , very convenient .
i can not download . he write that there be no space on the memory device . appr . place a lot . what can be wrong please , help .
nice program .
why be my phone just enter shortly force quit .
good use .
send the fan to have fun among many .
market immorality place be knee deep online brothel .
super col .
poor quality video chat .
wonder if add to it .
super convenient and easy use .
very good .
not bad .
add delete account .
q best skype .
like many other .
very good comfortable .
soo beautiful .
it be great to talk to people with culture so different and learn a little bite with them .
like it .
very like .
very good .
i like it .
o . k .
very good .
very good application .
i like it .
this program be very good .
very good .
i like it .
like it .
very good .
all the picture cannot be load . ive check setting , nothing wrong .
please with the power of this app .
i'm happy to have this app .
gear up .
when i update , my picture on screen upside down , plz fix it .
thank you .
love this app .
really nice .
cant delete moment by select it or cant delete it all by just one click . only can delete it one by one . waste time and make all of us tire . too many people complaint about it when they want to clean they moment .
like it .
someone add me to a group chat . it's all bullshit and what's worse be that i can't frickin leave the group or set the group chat notification at all . what the heck i don't even know anyone from that group , it didn't even ask for my permission . and why the hell can't i change my id worst app ever , didn't even deserve a frickin single star . uninstalling .
we chat .
cool apps . good video call and voice call .
fd shi .
play hard fuck hatf .
i can't really use the voice and video call . i don't know what's happen . i already instal the app of it but , it's not help tho . my internet connection be stable . it doesn't have any problem . i'm use the 6 . 1 version of wechat . better fix this .
suddenly cannot log in my account . i cannot send my message at first and after that i log out . but after log out , i cannot log in my account . my phone be lenovo a859 . my wechat id be kristy0406 , hope can help me to fix it . thank u .
very good .
it's good but not so good .
samsung galaxy note 3 .
nice app .
love it its video call quality be superb .
i love it .
great app to communication with friend and share photo . i haven't use all the feature yet .
love it but it take too long to download .
so it good .
try before .
good deal .
there be .
good program .
tien loi .
it do not work .
it's okay .
not good .
this app will be really superb .
it become a problem after the update first open it close immediately .
jamil program .
fantastic bs in trouble download .
very good .
that's great .
its awesome app 4 chat . i like it .
nice m mean beautiful .
help me to get my old wechat account back and i will rate 5 star . please .
great app .
a fail program be need and focus tensh .
my phone be samsung s5 , after the android 5 . 0 upgrade . moto360 not normally receive information micro letter . please help solve .
good even program magnificence bs after update sayer open day and the second day to close the program need boil program refer share balijdid until he return actuation please address the problem .
great app but pple nearby doesn't work and app crash or restart when i try the look around function , this happen only in kitkat please fix it .
the rate be too high .
its very to communicate with frindz .
but after the last update jais come along delete it and then back it down ahtat star unit if stgl true infield 5 star .
maparaf sthaddamh .
so that .
i like it .
injoy mach .
leach separate alahdh khpellna .
recommend lot of friend to sign up now i get constantly block . thank tencent .
i recieved a message that my account be block but when try to unblock it its say that my mobile number be not available even though i put in the right info .
can't download it . now it can but can't open it . why .
to good .
amaudin see him and mo hai zaah every other day enter and get out of the qualitative i hope to solve the problem if hae wipe .
i hate thz app .
i'm very satisfy .
i be only tray this aap .
it separate the new update and delete it and only it down again .
i love .
rowoah amowot p halbr . s .
under flawless kit kat .
lech bejrj .
i hope the program unemployed repair kinder .
til must pay .
magnificence and a good program bs problem after the update record out and maardja only after deletion and load once again request to fix the problem .
video call can very slow . voice can reach very late .
very good application the best .
i meet a great person his name be carlos and corrientes argentina pity i lose contact my name haydee .
each period to stop and return it to the store and maatalaa send him from second p bluetooth person .
thumb up .
best banget .
steady for video call .
wonderful , wonderful .
it be good .
now it be awsam . it vedio quality so good , chat well , mostly translate language .
cool grind .
i have never use but i think that it's go to be funny .
luzmila mejia romero .
what then get out of the unit just toloa please choose a .
call problem when i go for afree call it use my credit .
funny widget .
this be a very good app .
contain all the require specification mean izz demand .
ala ill kmu .
use it to keep in touch with my wife and her family in china . love the video and voice option . and the sticker be fun .
cpat , inexpensive , disposable ga bother , so sy wear .
best app ever but my internet gb data be . low so its slow . ulove this app .
kim can categorize adjul .
enjoy boss .
the problem be need ahdvh and carry again ashan enter .
i just love it because its we chat .
this remind me of pen pal day .
not bad .
its same as hike and whats app but nice .
quzel application but the nezaman counterparty be cevrim ics if the show be go to be super olmad g n .
you can delete user account .
could not look for a friend . nyesel . asu .
it keep load data at the chatbox . i dont know why . please fix it . asap .
kiel very good .
very good and i would recommend it useful to use it and deserve five star .
i like wechat because i like it .
good app .
chat splendor . hdhu hoose linas khodaa program .
love it .
he do not like me because you always because you always get guy solisitudes .
this apps be awesome .
stay true to the heart .
frankly program splendor but one problem if it get out of it be need atenslh refer again i hope to address the problem .
problem be the notifyreceiver notifyservice not run in the background after tap the close all button , it suppose run . please fix it for lg g3 .
thank but still can kerenan main line let's get rich .
use dc .
to pistear .
group prayer .
bug canot login ftom hp .
hllow khosh program .
manta greatly help my communication .
really like .
3 year i use this apps , i really love it but it for older version . however the latest version after update look like doesn't work anymore the problem be i can't log in just stick at main page , i mean at the earth picture page . can your team fix it .
application that sngat steady .
how could we know that the other peson have block us or not . it doesnt show that which person in ur friend list be online and whether he have read ur message or not . please tell me about my this issue and fix it .
must download .
love too much .
i have some problem use this app before but know i think its okayy .
i love it .
waco problem all enter p program come out of the unit .
like many good lick .
why after update , my in front camera can't use pls faster replay me .
do not recognize new picture on device unless device be turn off and restart .
ok bgt .
in my wechat . i can talk by my girlfriend everyday . i very happy . finish .
wechat be a fun way to communicate with my closest friend and family . also , it be very user friendly and feel natural .
wont bring up people nearby . keep say cant find my location . even if i put my gps on it still do the same .
i want to delete a many moment in one time please update a wechat please .
when my wife be call me in a video call its very hard to accept i press accept for 10x still not work but later on it accept just push accept more in call same . and post picture very slow i take to much time to post picture . in message i cant see if my message be see or not or if my frend be online or not . hope you improve this application this be only my problem when its fix i will rate you 5star .
previously there be error . now , it's work great .
very good .
how come the quality of my voice message be so poor seriously , wish that you will fix it .
i like it .
i realy enjoy use dis social ntwrk .
it's so good but maybe a little slow .
easy to use , good work on picture post and very easy to move chat history to new device .
i really like wechat . it's a great and simple way to stay in touch with friend and coworkers .
like it .
i cant log in anymore after it automatically log me out . solution .
very good .
k too much prob when i try to install thiscapp .
cause i install its ready 99 then when i open its tell error i hate this . please fix it .
nice app .
i cant to find othercountry people . its only show nearest people .
its very good but the only thing be shake that's make me want to uninstall my wechat .
sweet program .
it be good .
love it .
i like this app .
everytime image video send , it always say unable to download the image video .
good job .
whats wrong . i cant log in my account . i hav try so many time . instal n uninstall few time . still cant reach my account .
hat it fuck .
last ver . no one picture reflect , not in moment , even in message .
i like this application very simple so easy thu use ok .
fastly i can noe wat be happen in my country .
it be good .
love it .
good app .
use it everyday , keep connect with friend and family .
i like .
i have try to download sticker many time but still not show up and when i see my sticker set keep blank page and restart wechat again . please fix .
nice app .
the first be that .
even when i keep update the new version , i can't use shake feature and broadcast feature on my phone . i love to meet new friend from abroad . so sad now i can't do that because the feature doesn't work .
we chat be so osem .
i like that .
love it .
very good .
only if we can capture photo like whatsapp .
this app be not able to connect through facebook .
like it .
when i want to check my friend i cannot check .
please give the option of online friend . how can we know that the friend be online . shaw the online friend . plz .
its ok .
it's nice i can chat with different people i know .
great app .
its very nice app . it be so beautiful .
why its always crash when i use videocall even voice call its always crash .
this so cool .
i love wechat because .
not good .
now on htc m9 and galaxy s6 edge and this be one of the must have apps .
but there be too many bad comment .
i want to deactivate my account how can i do it reply .
easy and thrifty .
love it .
amaze app . i love it and give 5 star . it's really very nice app .
very useful .
very like .
good apps .
i can search more friend with this app .
cause a lot of trouble when transffering account after you change phone number or phone .
i need this .
do not let me to log in and at the same time crash as soon as i launch it .
very good .
well write .
sometime it's can't locate nearby people , after gps on .
very good app for video or voice call .
we chat .
like it .
pretty good .
please fix shake . because many people have problem . my shake have problem not find bore .
love it .
i like this app .
like it .
this app awesome .
good app .
very good .
very good .
instead i rate this in 3 star i try to use it and i delete the 3 star i give 5stars . super duper super duper love it . try to install this guy .
user friendly .
why i cant open my wechat after i transfer it to sd card please fix it .
love it .
aside from the freeze and end without warn . none of the feature work on this app despite my attempt to delete n redownload . pathetic .
i love .
the bet .
not bad application , i will recommend my friend use it .
free call .
work great .
1 . no last see at 2 . no time message send in 3 . no read notification . you ned to cover all this .
i try to download new sticker but it crash just right after i click the smiley button to add sticker .
i like .
when i send photo it say 0 and not send . however when i forward it to the same recipient it get send . wifi be all work . this happen after the update .
one of the best feature why i use viber , messenger over wechat be the ability to see if the other person read your message . wechat doesn't have that feature yet , when it do , i'll change my rat .
great app to have . no flaw .
i'm just buy this right now .
very interest .
now my wechat can't be log in , i try many time but still can't . i hate it much .
we chat video call ke my or sms krne ky ly .
good social apps . however , it be misuse by people solicit service .
love it .
excellent app .
good app .
great app for social connection everybody should have in their phone . love to have that .
like this app . love to say goodnight and see my family thats far away .
be good .
bcoz . get reason .
that's great .
it be day i cant post picture and sight even after uninstall and instal it again .
good chat programe .
its awesome .
no load .
how to send a document pdf , word , excel .
be good apps .
how to write post in moment .
why can't i log in it always stick at login process .
we chat app .
i couldn't see the picture of my daughter that be send by my mother in law . i have to ask her to send it again ang save immediately on my phone . what be happen on wechat a lot of problem occur in this app .
like it .
like it .
sms confirmation , email signup , phone confirmation or facebook login , nothing work amaze .
very beautiful .
this be how i stay in touch with my zhongouren pengyou men .
waste of time man its just worst app i have ever see .
thank cuz create this apps for us .
easy to contact with my gf .
i love it .
work fine on my tablet and cellphone .
nothing but good thing here .
doesn't work properly . only work well with wifi .
we chat why my we chat unforunally close everytime i open it fix this .
everytime i open wechat . i have to log in again and again and again . this be damn annoy .
this app be awsome .
we chat .
cant find people near me . it say that error in locate . what should i do .
good app .
great slaughter .
i like this app .
love it from before until now .
it be not sign up feed up plz help .
my wechat suddenly logout and when im try to login it say too many operation .
it be awesome .
very like .
good app .
why do it always log me out without tell me .
i really like it .
what happen which my wechat cannot open why .
i myself be happy with this except it still need more improvement .
there be .
i love these app to do group chat .
nice apps . but apps need to make more lite and smooth . example can be whatsapp .
i cant sign up a wechat . whats wrong with this app .
nice . i like this application .
it will be better if i can double click to like people moment .
ilove it soo much my lovly app . 3 .
very like .
i try to install it again and it still doesn't work . i would really appreciate it if you can fix this .
very like .
what the i loggin in my account at the other phone just now . but what just happen my contact be delete . why how can i get all of my contact back . you should fix it and give me a respond please . i hate this situation the most .
cant find pencil pilot . i like that game . please fix it .
theren be no deactivation or deletin the account u what a bad application it be solve that problem please .
when the message come it , i juat want reply only , it will straight go to my phone page .
, tablet it would be great to have a tablet version , because it's not cool to disconnect my phone every time i connect my tablet .
i like wechat .
i like it .
it's not .
i can chat with my parent when they're in canada .
love . love .
pretty good .
i cant log in . its suddenly happen . it keep load like forever . ive reinstall like a thousand time . fix it for me . idk whah else to do .
i love this .
5star if we can see the others person who be not our friend comment like . besides that everything be good .
i give 5 star cuz wechat ask me to .
love the app .
my wechat be problem ,
i very love this app .
nice apps .
very good .
very good .
good job .
i txt my crush she not reply .
i like this .
very nice .
the most use app in my phone .
lag until when open wifi the notification bound at a time and create noisy sound and please extend sticker capacity so i will give full star for u . can downgrade .
really good but if we can clear the message separately it will be better .
bug , send screenshots to wrong group chat .
i like it .
i cannot make any call , what's wrong please help . im use asus zenfone 4 . 5 .
good apps .
nice . easy to use .
pretty good .
like it .
love it .
love my family .
one day i go on wechat it be fine i be talk to my friend . the next day it wasn't i lose all my friend on it and it ask for my phone number and password even when i already do it . and i forget my password so i write sarah wilson even know that wasn't my password and it say password word un correct . so i try it again sarah wilson the same way and it say correct wierd and it down it again the next day .
love it .
really good .
thumb up .
why my all message suddenly disappear .
5 outstanding . however , also can be more easily and quickly , just below to refer to when i be there a few candidate , but i still have a few candidate , but i still have a few candidate , but i still have a few candidate , but i still have a few candidate , but i still have a few candidate , but i still have a few candidate , but i still have a few candidate , but i still have a few candidate , but unfortunately the same . danmasih there be some candidate .
royal premium .
installation be very .
roller linux .
wechat download .
erm . okay it .
i like wechat . thankyou .
sumtyms be nt able to install it .
this be bo .
abu dog jais .
i be in touch with the french very much .
its a best chting .
see photo .
so far so cool . love itt .
why care acilmistir account to the new account silinmiyo a lm yo please .
great app love it .
not goog will not notice , please repair .
new wechat .
a program in which a problem after the last update a short period and then record and then wipe out the program and prove of new work i hope to address the imbalance .
i try to hold bs program bit'e error and mathmelc launch a reason .
haii shbatt wechat .
long before clinch a good friend say .
i really like this app just like whatsapp but it take time to open why . and don't know why my friend haven't start use it yet that's one thing that make it bore to me .
nice apps .
love it .
great . alias mantap .
not enought space .
its a good .
new root quickly fast .
there be .
why shake knnot .
i love this aap .
damn , suddenly can't load or receive inbox . im give 1 star .
why pull into the blacklist can also see the avatar and other . it .
as watt up .
nice application .
i do not like it because you can not listen to music and i'm a music lover .
really like but do not block unwanted contact .
thank you for make new friend and meet . thank you for make us get marry .
ujjwal mondal .
in love with the cute sticker .
it do not work . i m not able to find anyone by shake . please fix this problem .
many of splendor .
why cannot delete conversation when i uninstalled , cannot find group chat .
please improve .
so good .
user friendly .
it's ok .
onnety chairman .
this application be very good to chat with family .
many lick .
i like it . very good apps . i will give 5 star for this apps .
smooth communication .
sweet and excellent program bs in problem btorgom england , but i hope that arabic pleasant problem .
very useful .
asyik to .
when i download this after i uninstall this , it can't be download . please answer my question .
its easy to use .
kash daily software problem and spot aoowoua but be kalash hllow .
i like this app very much .
great , one more hope to translate many more word .
best for me and word . can chat and post anything .
for my wife .
its really cool apps . keep it up .
when i update the app all my contact and friend be lose .
cevreedin up .
lot of fun .
gd app .
this good application .
cool and hot .
this be a very use full app .
we chat .
why my ac have be block i never log in from unofficial wechat account . pls give me back my account .
very funny .
o . k .
i really love this apps .
i love we chat .
i will give you 5 star if you add delivery and read report in message .
even i change the set up it wont work , keep send friend request to those who have my number , and now i cant delete my account . i wanna delete my account or delete my id number or conceal it .
we can search good friend .
awesome app . great useful app .
nice app .
like so much .
this app be great and i use it for everything . thank .
i be try to download it . it say error 491 . what do that mean .
thats good . really nice for comunication .
demand can .
good apps .
good app , but sadly , mine keep log out by itself .
wish the real time location function to be accurate like google map then it would be neat since wechat can share real time location and chat at same time .
stiap ary dngn wechat . so good .
i love .
everytime i be try to send a msg to someone in my frndlist or try to open an exist chat the app restart . what's the point of an im app if u can't chat .
it's ok .
after instal it take about an hour to send the verify code .
good apps .
love it .
love it .
i like wechat so much even sometime my phone hang .
i realy like this wechat because if i format my phone my number phone friend and my mother and father , i forget . but about this wechat i can type the id and add my friend and all my family .
cute sticker .
love it .
nice application .
make extra time record for video and can upload video from another file . tq .
like it .
best one .
i use to get push notification , when a friend send me a message . but now , i only see new message if i have the app open , or if i have it run in the background . this be a pretty major flaw , if i get a new message , i need to know immediately , not several hour later when i open the app again .
error while update .
so amaze .
wish you be here .
can't live without it .
backup all the time .
i like .
i like it .
love it but too much mb .
install and uninstall multiple time , can't get moment to show up in discover page . nobody can figure out why .
great for free msg nd call .
great app .
very nice .
it doesn t work .
love it .
very like .
it be great .
love it .
good app .
this dude keep send me these nasty picture i try to report him but i couldn't .
my brother live in china he get my wechats immediately , its a wonderful app especially since american phone arnt allow in china lol .
love it .
eat too much memory .
very good .
i love .
very good .
connect people .
this wechat oftenly say that i be use non official version of wechat . and it may be block all account in my phone . what it's mean .
awesome the best get it it's the vestment i thank about it be .
it log out automatically every day .
i love it .
really good .
excellent program .
instal but never allow to make an actual account . after sign up refuse to allow me to actually sign in .
i like this app .
excellent program .
i can't open the wechat . or sign up . totally slow the load .
very good .
wechat tencenth .
pls make a option or button for manual shake it will be easy and comfortable . then i will give u full star .
lock very .
i cant get any result when shake why .
but it have issue with notify me when i get a message to the point it take 2 4 message for it to notify me .
love it and its update .
i can't open voice message , sight and photo . please fix it . thank u .
my shake won't work . its how j find friend .
be good , but where be pencil pilot . other social network didn't have good game like that . where you can compete on the network . but be better than we chat on comunication . might delete soon if game doesn't come back .
love it .
some of the android emojies . a lot . don't show up , only as period . fix .
good application .
when i try to tag a friend and type then click on my friend's name , it will automatically become a draft , how can i solve it .
very great app but still need to better and bottle feature be uninstalled no yar .
be poblem time i want slide down at momentd .
really this be my favorite massenger .
how can i delete my account permanently .
i backup b4 uninstall bcoz my wechat always cnt accept any message from fren , now i install bk but i cnt find my backup thr say no backup how to find bk .
really2 good .
like it a lot .
good we chat . get lot of exclusive offer .
look good .
awesome app .
love you we chat team .
it just a way to find friend and family it be just plain fun .
how can i delete my account .
the best i ever have .
like it .
i can talk to my friend with no disruption .
like it .
i can , t login or sign in with my own number no verification code be send , and my email account doesn't exist what kind of progress update . you make .
really love it .
i like dis bicose we can do free video call also . it be the best for me .
i only give an ok because a few problem .
i love it .
its ok .
i might not use all the function but those feature that i use be faultless .
i ask upgrade and update the application and not i .
wechat original natural la fai ko hieu star .
can meet old friend .
when i be use shake , it just show no result find try again later . please provide me a solution for this issue .
cam tu .
good app .
very like .
bolee tahan .
can cheat ni ha hahaha .
lovely analog and vaybera vatsapa , but take a lot of ram .
very clear .
rar sansoudy .
like very much .
ink program .
jamil separate rvh .
cant log in cant log in cant log in cant send message cant send message cant send message .
can't install .
no notification unless the app be run in the background . i miss message many time because of this . uninstall and reinstall didn't fix the problem even though i have turn on notification .
i like it .
account for much of gb .
each period for mapdechl even out of the state who dont know what be the first sarcan no problem baadalthadit alajersarber . s . bore even out of the state of attrbhzvh and download from agdidarjouhl this problem and thank you .
unable to video chat , can not call chat .
hair less information .
after the update program become get out of the haddou and necessary amsho and go back anzlo henw reason one have a solution .
the update taban .
i like we chat because she can do anything i like walkie talkie hahaha funny or not plea reply .
mesh uncle actuation .
very good .
like it be a pretty good .
also abroad .
mr shailesh patel .
cu hon .
go add this library to use apps , joz qotoz dah subject qotoz x .
a wonderful application .
its good .
i like it .
best of the best app .
i use it every day .
guy can i ask that do you needa front camera 4 this thing to download .
with every update its size be increasingg .
the entire phone hang only because of you sob .
love it . but some time it become slow .
wechat team . i'm face this problem that when i didn't open wechat . msg notification won't pop out . please fix this problem . tq .
super application .
very good .
i like it .
i can't download wechat again .
there be .
pretty good .
the all in one communication app .
the game it so suck .
very good .
the amaze black friday , may have to go back . i will not have to go back to me that you be go to text you when i saw a lot . the only one who can make it . i have to go . it be great to see the light , but the funny part be , the only thing that you can be a great time , i be do better than the intend for use of this tag be the most part of a major part in this case . the only thing that . thank for listen .
if possible voice mail also can forward by we chat its very easy .
very cool too .
very nice and i will be advise to all my friend .
i can't add friend in shake please help me . it be not work and my request wasn't send to anyone .
im already frustrate on get that verification code , since i didn't get , well the only option be to uninstall . thumb down .
the best app .
thnq for this app .
thee best app .
too lazy to type . just speak whatever you want and your group would be able to hear you .
it take time in between the conversation during voice call .
why can't i or any others , see what everyone else write on my comment box . i would give 5 star for that thank .
wechat i m unable to do call . plz solve it fast .
can you please let the drift bottle be unlimited .
i always get auto log out for no reason . i dont know be there anyone face this problem too . but please fix it .
i love it its awesome .
i like it .
four time i get ban account i always trble login why i be new mke new account lastnight tree time logout still okay when tomorow i try to login soo suck i cant logn pleasee fix it . this time hope so okay .
this be very late n u fell bore .
love it .
very nice .
i like it .
really good .
make new friend all over world .
the best .
its work like lazy app , i dont like this app .
where can i download the desktop version of wechat .
no last see of frns no type no option to know whether d msg have be see or not .
help me in communication with other .
let me try .
i can't open people nearby and the say can't load the data .
very much love it muah .
there be only 2 choice to change the background . i remember that last time there's a few choice there pls fix it .
hi sir madam how to get my id wechat because my wechat account everyday i recover use my family number and now i have no number to recover , please help me to get my account wechat because i have lot of freinds with my old account wechat . hope u reply my email if you nice guy . if you bad guy i boikot wechat tq 4 read my comment .
fere good .
i don't able check out people nearby . please fix this bug .
it be good .
like very much .
good app .
like what be this application work .
this be a great apps .
must have app .
love it .
very nice .
fast message . clear video . store moment . it have everything .
like very much .
i wana rate wechat hundred of star . i like this application .
an application that have everything . love it .
it fun .
i love it .
it have good progress but still the problem be on video or voice call . slow n often there be a mistake on it . still i love it .
i really like wechat , its great how you can text , call , video call . i really love it .
you advertise phone number link as a way of protect my account , however when i link my phone number to make it more secure , i find your app read my whole contact information without even ask any permission . you know you probably can do whatever you want in china , but in u . s . you need to respect user's privacy anyway , i'm an android dev myself , i do some research on the manifest permission of your app , i'm shock to see you ask message read your text message , social information modify your contact , read your contact , phone call read phone status and identity , personal information and account . why the hell you ask so much privacy permission your app be just an ordinary im and social app . here be my request i've unlinked my phone number , you must delete all my contact information , phone log and sms message from your server database . if you don't comply , i gonna escalate this case to google .
anytime , anywhere . whats good be that you can also chat , upload vid over pc . you need to install basic webchat .
most favourite i use to love the old voice quality of audio message . plz if possible update the old audio message quality .
wechat use to be very nice especially when you can customize your own sticker and unlimited staorage amount but eversince the new update all of my friend and i have to delete off at least 600 sticker in order to use customize sticker and now we cant save any more new customize sticker anymore , this be sad . pls fix it .
nice app .
top buildup .
very good .
its so easy to use . but i would suggest that their will be like an easier way for ur contact to be delete like multiple delete option rather than delete them one by one .
its work wonder and be really superb , wechat rock .
very good .
not good .
thumb up .
when i call i can't use my back camera and it act dumb so it be ok .
nice work .
i'm happy to use this app now thank you .
when i install this app . after that i can't send my messenge . then i can't download i again . why help me to get back this app .
i try this the third time , no success .
very good .
i use to love this app but after the update all of the picture that my friend send to me . it doesnt load anymore . it will stay for like an hour then after that it will tell you unable to download image even when i click download full image it still say unable to download . pls fix this .
it always log out .
not bed .
i hate when update , i alwys full mmory for this .
its too communicate and with dstv .
love it .
hello chic s . you want to earn money for chat quack descargaos mesenger in the app store only you will need this code be 24408 5 without quote . it's like whatsap but this cobrar s to use it . have fun with your friend , p sale the code and you can create a group to speak and will win money the more you may be more'll win .
voce . ver . se . e , good , many speak , that , and , well ,
the above aalmmtaz .
there be other less thu . try that be already ap d coment must remain friend not gtu .
its ok but the layout make it compliacated wen chat to contact .
albornamj . mathbt on two . aketbla can not install in the default location .
this march 2 .
i read more .
the best voice quality .
my problem .
delete account button if you consider he 1 star 5 star .
bass bro .
eat update .
excellent very .
every time after the latest update . when i try to search for nearby people it just write load location data and nothing happen . please fix it .
good mto .
extremely worst app .
ir thousand bcs sister year almnabe .
sweet magnificence program .
very good this apps .
beautiful love .
i like . once with her nice . once whchat .
jay file separate and after may originally .
i'm love .
each shui ask password .
wonderful , wonderful .
enter the code , then it's not .
bs strange assessment of 5 starlet and mirah repair . huh do not deserve even the connection be suspend .
vashl nasiha sabaya bore moakhlaqa program barbaric greet to experimenter .
good apps .
beautiful and wonderful program .
the thumb up rilakkuma sticker be miss everyone have it except me u better fix this .
sweet but open and close the case . why .
i advise all young people download the program but atqo god almighty .
to whom .
great for communicate overseas .
sallam yor sallam yor .
the program in which the problem of cmt enter it become please inform the unity of the problem be sweet program .
check often for one or more of the pan bo govt .
a great program .
after the update come in ashklat when i enter the program stop and come out . and necessary amsho attribute the re inauguration .
there be a problem after the last update when the press on aloecat do not open and ask me to agree to exit from the program i ask you to fix the problem as soon as possible request not omr .
wonderful and beautiful jayden .
mvhlv khblny vly .
shake calismiyor .
always continue .
take to long to download .
my we chat shake be not work . when i shake my mobile before i be get vibration with sound and people who shake ll appear but now it's not get anything . it's not show anything . it's not respond anything pls help .
wechat help me connect with friend .
love it so much . like a diary .
easy to use .
no notification .
i give u 5 star but in shake i find only chineese and radar not show any friend .
very good .
can u suggest .
awesome and i love it forever . i really hope i can see a video call wait when someone online video call , i hope so as to avoid negative think , tq wechat . hari2 with u . hihihi .
i like it .
i like .
love this apps easy to use .
i be one of the only people in my family who have an android phone , so this be great for us to video chat . the only thing i don't like be that it doesn't give you the option of reject a phone call . it automatically disconnect the chat session .
there be .
good this .
the best video chat evet . i try all others and won't go back . it's universal . i can chat with every one , every where . in any platform .
after i install it back , i can't find my group chat and it will say no message find . why .
after update it i even cannot post , send and receive picture tt .
the power consumption be just ridiculous after all these update . use to be a good app before version 4 . but when more and more international user join , tencent start to be a bully again , just like what they do with qq . when you check your battery log , you will find that wechat take almost 70 of the totally battery , more funny thing be that huge amount of battery waste from screen on in screen off tab . tencent really should fix the power management component . cant turn off autostart be rascal2 .
try to find my friend's we chat account but it always say this user doesnt exist . nah .
the reason why i like wechat be that i can speak different type of chinese language and korean . yeahh . since i be a kpoperzz and i can speak mandarin and korean well . chat apps .
very good app .
love it .
very good excellent .
help me how to change wechat id .
why don't just verify by send sms to the phone number seriously your verification method be piss me off . i have to click friend picture , who always change their acc picture , use weird name that i don't even remember . why don't you provide 2 or more option for verification instead of click friend acc picture you do fuck it up .
pretty awesome .
it be good .
it take forever to get a acount .
it be a man send nasty picture .
very good .
it's good but sometime when i not open app in wechat for along time then i want to open it . it error .
this app work just super . i propose another great application in which i be completely free without spend a dime earn 15 euro a day or more . it call globus mobile it . install the application from playmarket , register on globus mobile website in the who invite you enter the name lawr60 . without the fill of this field check be impossible . wait for a letter from me with the explanation . start receive money today .
too good .
everytime i shake , it keep tell me no result find . try again i've delete and redownload the app and i've also log out and log in again and it still doesn't work . my friend and i be have the same problem . please fix it soon .
super star .
we chat .
many fake a c .
i love it .
great app but lose contact when i switch phone and instal it back again .
please add some feature like a chatroom that you can chat ur nearby online .
love it .
nice app .
nice app .
simply great .
very poor support . no one can be find for a tech support .
this actually the second time that i have to uninstall and reinstall wechat . at first i think it be just my connection , but after switch to wifi and data which be all work great , wechat wont send my message , it would just be on send status forever . i try log out , unfortunately when i be log in , they would only show log in and be never able to log in . pls fix this , very inconvenient .
i like it .
love it so much .
it nice app thank you .
i love it .
i love use this app . it's very convenient to use and very easy to find a girlfriend hehehe more power to wechat love it .
it be very good application .
i can't open my wechat , everytime i get message wechat have stop . what i can do i wont play my wechat help me please .
its awesome because i can always keep in touch with my friend . but please add some read sign so its easy for me to know if that person already read my message or no . thank you .
so far so good .
great way to stay in touch .
i haven try this before but my friend say this one be good .
good app .
simply love it voice call n video call be just wow talk with my friend in dubai for free and quality be also good . though call drop sometimes , but i'm sure you guy will fix it soom . and ofcourse the we reward offer 3 get free talk time , coupon and hope will win the iphon 6 p thanx in advance d .
i love .
love it .
very nice aap .
very gud source of chat .
we chat .
love it .
come on .
good program .
i hate this becouse i like it it's crazy boh .
good cause .
i love it .
good program .
haha . nothing .
love it .
nice one .
very useful .
i be able to open it but it will turn off within second , please fix it . i have a lot of memori leave but it's still the same .
you should include the deactive button to deactivate the account . if you pun the deactive account in the system i will give 5 star .
very2 good .
love it .
cant log in it say i need to wait for 24 hour .
urg how do you do this sh t to download i delete a lot of my favorite game 4 this and it doesn want to download .
i can chat with my friend .
i love this app . it's brilliant .
it's owsome .
when i be send image or when i click on profile photo it show memory card , image , moment , audio , video not available now plse help me to solve the problem .
pretty good .
really good .
give various .
wii gat out of the kivu possible to solve the problem and god softener .
wechat be how be it waist just by talk to friend and automatically withdraw be sure to improve as soon as possible .
not so clear fix it .
i just use this apps only for make money .
jabar dast .
complete and fast .
very happy .
baiqvl unit need delete it and back again evidence way chat btaatmsh after the installation be need chowoa solution .
program more wonderful .
why i can't log in and get ban my id .
gn cht can best kwn .
the program and beautiful , but a log aalbornamj please open it quickly go out the problem with the device or the software itself a quick answer please .
it's a good possible refer you open as possible i want to thank you .
visit our store sbotaku via fb instagram tweeter .
for man it's good for scandal but for woman it's for fun private , this version be amaze .
i like it .
great application 5 star .
love it so much .
beautiful and wonderful .
i love it more diverse and receive instant confirmation service .
there be .
good waw .
i love to be part of this app .
make know the .
gorgeous separate and i open the god reveal again please handle it with many thank .
a great program deserve 7 star greet sama .
this app work just super . i propose another great application in which i be completely free without spend a dime earn 15 euro a day or more . it call globus mobile it . install the application from playmarket , register on globus mobile website in the who invite you enter the name lawr60 . without the fill of this field check be impossible . wait for a letter from me with the explanation . start receive money today .
pretty good tpi improve hrs .
a nice place yo chat and know people .
my friend emo quit do what i can not see scary people know i think it be my mistake do not mind her ah t .
very rotten .
how strange how not record sound .
g o od .
nice app . thank you developer . now i enjoy with voice chat .
love it .
use it everyday to talk to my chinese friend . this app help connect people from the other side of the world . it's unbeatable .
wechat be very easy to use .
ilove it .
dr can meet a lot of friend .
the program go out automatically .
a f fail a bite .
one of my favorite .
very good .
ok , . ad video call ny juga , .
i love it . no word to descrine about this game .
you can also slightly . each time you have be remove for no reason really do not understand why be this so there better not wait for me to enter it each time show improve please wait just fine .
after the last update program mesh sweet .
nice . like it .
it's cool .
bernameh sweet bs in trouble to get into the program attalaana land program .
this wechat really fuck bad why write something that i write when i finish , press the send direct exit to the group page with your friend it be not the first time please improve pooh .
i also want to use some of leo's suite .
i like this app for chat with friend .
so cool . worth it . thank .
video call .
no bad .
i love this .
very like .
i love this app .
i be enjoy the chat application more now than older version . keep the good work up .
great app .
be not able to use shake option for a week . i start it use after a week . its again say not allow for a week . hat it .
good app . but if u can bring back pencil pilot on board it will be more fun with this app .
this be good apps no charge any call .
i love you .
please improve .
very good .
it's good .
good comms tool .
great app .
but sometimes i dont know how to use this app .
i love it .
good app .
i say it cant find my location but all my other apps can so i cant find anyone .
very good .
thank you .
i hope i can install this app .
good luck .
fuck it .
i love wechat because im fall in love .
because this apps always have to update . asyik update .
i wait for sign up in two hour . why . fix it .
work great for keep up with family and friend around the world .
everyday wechat will block my account due to unofficial wechat program install in my asus zenfone5 , but i download wechat use playstore ,
not bad . too much time too install the app . any suggestion .
love it .
i get no msg to my phone be this serius i want to sign in the page 2 sign code no msg to .
i cant log in my wechat . it keep go load the log in .
very cool .
the best ever morning .
really admirable just by the dint of group system , i get special family member like prem nagar 3 and thanksh sho much wechat feel lucky to be a part of yur social zone .
so fu k all of u .
i love wechat .
the pic lie .
very good .
my problem bring about and i want to enter my brief from kiffa righteousness need delete it and again it down bs always become my haig and kalash adoj .
i like this app much more . super .
wechat have be an awesome free way for my cousin , who be all the way in singapore , i to chat .
dust in the wind .
it be so cool i love it .
i like this app .
my daughter in denmark and i use it twice a day . we love the sticker . i also use it with other friend . very good .
love it .
good app .
good application .
you can try it too . not bad .
love it .
very nice program .
use it to keep in touch with my wife and her family in china . live the video and voice option . and the sticker be fun .
so great .
good app .
very cool program .
very good .
like it .
wechat yes oke .
it be good .
why it always block my wechat account then it say your current version of wechat may be compromise . for your security , your account have be temporarily block . we advise you to use the official version of wechat before proceed with this block account . to unblock your account , you can click ok to do so . this be my 5th time to be block . please inform me what do you mean official version , because this be what i'm always instal . hop for your reply or action on this matter . thank you .
nothing be better this .
i like .
i be really enjoy via wechat . nice n good massanger .
i like it .
every time i log in after few day my account get block and i can't recover my account after several try . i have lose my 5 account due to this reason .
can't miss every moment .
love it .
i like it .
can't block contact . to many unknown pervert people send me pervert message . cant stop notification on samsung s4 . wechat team send to many nonsense message . it become a very irritate app .
very good .
wechat always ask me to force close . why please fix it as soon as possible .
message be lose i can't find any message from my friend after i install this app into another device i don't know what to do please help me please i can't recover any message please fix this issue .
because the parogramme after 3 day approximate die and doesnt open when you dowanload it .
very good .
we cant delete moment that very old . like last year's moment . we have very many moment last year . so . we need you help us . we want delete all moment with one touch . can you help us .
sick . of . this .
love it .
this be the best app .
we chat be dbest .
need t o add more additional feature .
tencent , chinese wechat be better than others . why like that chinese wechat can do more thing with shake . example search music . but others lang wechat cannot . and some part of wechat have some writting in chinese . example in help . english version must be totally english . we chat can translate chat . why dont add same technology to translate moment post . the rest be perfect .
the picture be not show up .
too many pornographic thing inside .
i use wechat around 2 year , and so far so good . i have more friend , date and love here . thank wechat .
love it absolutely .
keep update .
wrong number . phone such information greet us at registration .
very good .
best app .
but the use of any one .
i cant login my wechat .
good bb .
2 get catch i go wire steal account and back of outgo message lazim .
can also . there be also video call .
qualify saddle .
silver lotus .
a lot of my friend .
norman gift .
hey something be .
very good but , the mace be that it be very heavy pa download .
thank you , mustafa jabbar , the sincerity of the change language work my program be not what you delete it . thank for the information and take advantage of you .
why the moment always not update , i have install wechat app for many time , but it can't work . please help me , i be use sony xperia c3 .
i like .
great app .
mo i do believe in micro phone number people can see in social information in . really finish who can teach me how to do for others to see . set .
minih thank you for your effort in this area to be a beacon for science and knowledge .
group video call .
simply super .
like i put the phone to update or shrink image and animation jam how else now more card please repair under .
very good use .
no load .
quite on time .
we jamil want more god bless you on this program .
i can not download it .
cause the apps be interest .
great app better than whatsapp .
why can not i sign in before account .
not to bad .
biasa and .
why the heck new asphalt description .
seem to be no problem 1 .
super love it you should definitely download .
god vare good .
application that good . lbh easily mencri tmn .
very good but , the mace be that it be very heavy pa download .
sometimes people send message to me , there be no notification system . until i press into the micro letter , this time someone send a notification message will appear , often the information be already an hour or more before the information . i do not open free salvage function .
very beautiful splendor .
please improve .
nice . like it .
this good to connect with others and meet people from other country .
i like .
why can not i post update on asus tab be use many time what the problem .
no need to say .
particularly good .
aye maw 1082 .
great app to find friend from global .
it's amaze .
a fail program .
five star .
nice one .
i be wonder if i can get it to work on both my phone and tablet at the same time . it will be more convient when i be video chat .
i love wechat .
love it .
good . it's work . can get more friend . but why can't post just a text moment if wanna post a moment must be with a picture .
like it .
wechat be very good for chat .
really like .
this apps be very easy to contact any person in the far place or near place .
best chat ever .
nice app .
i can't relog in we chat plz solve this problem .
i cannot see the option of people nearby .
the best .
wechat india i win rs10 flipkart voucher on wechat india facebook page on 27 april . but they don't give me my voucher even i msged them . there be no any response from them . solve it wechat .
it be good .
just want to give 5 because i trust you guy .
great app . compare with other famous app for free call and video call , wechat have just prove to me it give better performance . even sometimes in video call our voice disappear yet the video still work . please keep up the good work .
i use it for everything in personal and professional communication as i travel the world . simply outstanding .
what the hell . m not able to login the verification code which u guy r forward me be show incorrect . piss off . uninstalled .
really like .
my account be ban for unknown reason . and try recover by my phone number but its error and i cant make a new account either . i will give five star if my problem solve .
i love it although my future wife doesn't like to use phone call .
cannot connect fb anymore i have be hack account . what a security save noob apps .
love it .
i uninstall and can't even install anymore while my internet be available .
i love this app .
so buggy . after i update to the newest version the link or video jump back to reload when i be try to share to group or someone .
a very good app for get offer n free recharge .
it's cool .
its ok .
my friend chat room will suddenly disappear many time alrd . pls fix it .
i love it because i can chart with my g f .
i be able to open it but it will turn off within second , please fix it . i have a lot of memori leave but it's still the same .
very good .
very useful .
i like this app .
after the update , i can't seem to refresh my moment .
very beautiful .
the best of the best thank you wechat .
we chat give me access to find new friend .
i love wechat and have be usinf it for age . i want to clean some old thing in favourite , but i be unable to do that .
i like .
super thank for wevhat .
so much .
need to enter password and id for everytime update . please set automatically log in once update the app .
i hv no prob use this app . i'm use wechat to make my audience bigger 4 my blog . tq .
pretty good .
best quality for voice call , video call , and walkie talkie . never hang anywhere .
i cant change my id pls tel hw to change the id . my id be wrong nw i need to change pls upgrade that .
i like it .
not good .
love it smuch .
nice app but we need some more change .
unexpected very lazy .
i very like this app . with this app i can chat with my friend and other . btw i love this app very love this app .
nice app .
love it .
i cant download this app . please help me .
best app ever keep up the good work .
but why this app always get block and restrict .
i cant get tish app i hate this .
i like it .
nice to connect friend .
love it .
erorr whats that suppose to mean .
it be very useful .
very good .
i love it because its very easy .
no use of get reward . coupon code of shopclues say it be invalid for some day and today it say the promotional period be over .
everything comprise in it except send pdf to someone . however , great app for connect with people around the globe . hat off to their consistent offer go around .
great app .
very cool .
great app to stay in touch with family and friend in another country .
good app .
i hat it so much .
i wonder .
play sound regardless of priority mode , audio not properly cod per google specification .
i love you .
i like it .
i would like to turn off the head up notification for android lollipop .
dear friend it's really worth for video call i every day call to poland from india bangalore .
enjoy and i have new friend to chage idea2 positif negative cek the moment so evry day my live to happy .
rat thich .
just nice .
can't even rate . very difficult application to log in . can some give me instruction on how to log in .
for some odd reason i lose all my contact and some of my picture .
like it .
i love it .
god , its cool wat , its god .
real superb and excellent performance . keep up the good work .
very good application .
this app work for one day yesterday . just now it tell me i be log on because i be sign into an unofficial wechat and i could not reset my password or sign up again . i even u instal the program 2x and reinstall it again , still no luck . i reset use sms because there be not email link to it . i don't know what to do .
if get last see then will be better .
there be no .
i wait for sign up in two hour . why . fix it .
i'm like this app but can you give me a chance to change my id please ihope you can understand me please .
great app .
i don't want to put my number on this fix plz .
this app be so very late . how to this appr to not late again .
some function dony work well on the account which register outside china .
wechat be my fave . especially because the sticker be so cute .
its ok .
i want it so much and love it .
make a customize theme , please .
why wechat voice canot post at moment the lates update wechat not same like before . errggh .
very like .
i like .
nice apps . cam also be clear not like skype .
shet i cant do my old gmail lose it all .
i like wechat .
i love this apps it make me hppy every time when i feel bore .
nice app .
so nice .
sweet program .
i love you wechat .
the best in the world .
more than all chatts .
there be an application . globe mobile look unobtrusive publicity that appear when you unlock publicity stavishb like and poluchaesch money in euro . andrey1969 enter and win .
so i be sorry that i mivh must always sign new and as be there then sign and i'll give my password and then there be a wrong password . i must therefore almost always direct trate new .
the best .
. very wonderful . god bless you on this wonderful program . and god's the best program .
very good .
murtaza golden from iraq . program in the grandest .
last update junk .
a good program , but after the update become close the account of the unity necessary reinstall again .
sweet program but the problem be need every day delete it and refer it down ashan open .
great app .
i like it .
nice great .
good app .
and nothing more .
love it .
seneng coud bnyak knal temn dsini .
after i install the program i find after few day work very well the program uninstall automatically from my device and i have to re install again happen 2 time now .
help me connect to my besties more not in a bad way i cna talk to my long distance buddy . ty we chat .
the program open leach .
beautiful and wonderful program .
good apps . chat to you by the time .
i love the translation function . however i cannot use it to translate the profile name or the what's up comment . please update your app to allow the translation function to work in all area or field within the app . great app .
its fast and easy to use .
the best .
what the hell . i lose my old message after update it . can i have my old message again . pless .
sweet program .
i like it .
to whom .
it's ok .
very bad .
its ask for official wechat so this be not official wechat then i have be temporarily block what be this how i would have my account back already do so many time recovery account but its still stick there . can you guy help me in this matter i know you guy have so many thing to do . but please help me too .
i can't login .
it's a very good app .
this app have block my account because it apparently have be compromise . the main problem be i can't recover the account with my number because this be already the 2nd time i've create an account use my phone number , and as your site say , each number recover only one wechat account . fix this please , and unblock my account .
very like .
i could not find video call record , in this call record featuers availble or not .
please address it in the next release .
great app , its free , me and my friend can chat all day without spend a penny .
wow so .
very good .
not show the people nearby .
why i can install wechat . shit handphone .
very like .
love it .
love it .
very good .
please update or make some change to the selfsaving sticker bar . it be quite unconvinient to scroll page by page while i have save a lot of sticker t . t .
i can't go in wechat with wifi what be this pls fix this asap i have lot of urgent to do in wechat .
cool app .
use it for work at lenovo and it's highly effective .
by far my most use app , it even have a method of book taxi d .
nice wechet .
just what im look for . awesome app .
very nice .
i cant install it why .
lack of function compare to line . no message staus available . i be only use it because chinese client be use it .
it's good but after few time of use it's make some problem like hang and unclear sound for example .
love it .
i have to install this app back . cozz this app always stop by itself . i don't know what's the problem . please help me .
very nice to use wechat .
i like .
very beautiful .
love it .
im use it . and i don't have any problem .
the perfect way to communication .
love it .
nice app .
i want to delete my account but dunno how .
great app .
i really love this app . keep me connect to my child at no extra cost .
cant start with wifi network .
i think this be awesome .
so best .
thats it realy good .
connect people .
i hope i can getback my all chat , please fix it .
when i verify code number , its show verification error . why pls update it as soon as possible and also fix those problem .
its very easy n fun . can contact n make personal member chart room .
very slow download .
this baby just work fine .
it be good .
lot of user comment they get a problem on shake feature . always match with some person at china . now it fix .
unable to save photo now . what happen .
i love it .
i love it .
iam use wechat since 2014 and i never get try or bore .
this application be osemy .
very good .
it be good .
very good for video call and other so wechat better skype .
after i update this app to the latest version , i can't log in . why please fix it . thank you .
very good .
i want to delete my account on we chat i can't , there's no option for that , fix that please .
great app .
would not import contact from my phone i give up in the end and uninstalled the app .
very good .
magnificence program .
please fix , my wechat keyboard can't come out .
i like the we chat .
all goo except if i close the app , no msg in , if whatsapp it will give notice . but good app .
like most .
i hate this app .
so fun with we chat .
please i have be download this apps since 2 day past its not work mean not get download . before i have download very fast as due to some problem i have uninstall the apps . so again m try to reinstall . please suggest and help me . my phone be p3 gionee .
very good .
it's so nice . great and wonderful weechat . more power .
sweet program .
we chat that i capture cannot be hear .
reward not work for shopclues . try so many time still shopclues show wrong code .
very good .
bisey perfect . if you shake it too often kitleniyor just try boot . wait a magnificent b again shake .
very good .
nyc app create by china . just awesome .
i love it very much .
rowoowouah and beautiful jaddao .
log in with facebok do not do .
i don't like d feature .
other linux .
the superrecomiendo . to wechat not change x nothing .
i want to join a group but the group be full 500 . can you increase the group capacity .
good one .
pussy sister khalid salimi .
as on the box .
easy to use , convenient .
she find all his friend .
available to install please .
so good .
i hope the mistake repair .
like most .
awesome app but mostly people fake or cheap .
of course .
very handy and faster .
why the name of some chat have become blue , some will not change please answer soon and also as soon as possible . please .
very good .
many icon . voice and video chat luong tot kha .
very good programme .
result be clear why the problem do not shake kullanalim that everyone will be restore after they live issue , see a star even very water case .
marshall v contact them quickly . i do not lie to us .
have not instal yet .
nice you .
but the only reason why i rate 3 star be becos , when i click on wechat icon in my tab , the load time to wait a bite longer , can u guy reduce the load time .
i love it .
cant install to my phone .
like it .
very good .
i cant install .
pack rat video ok .
nice to use .
like all the same very social ini . buat add teman . sipp .
i love it .
good will .
also not play i load it up .
and most beautiful .
excellent apps .
hllow program and entertain at the same time .
nice access .
sorta you . its it you .
such a bich .
like it .
not bad for nyari jablay .
gui long before it .
be very good love .
the girl advance to find new friend . and to communicate well .
the program raig bs mmhklt modern afha manafth purview .
after upgrade my wechat not support not open .
good skali .
but use high data .
its always hang .
place make wechat can open on multiple . and receive msg as a same .
it be a good application allow me to meet people and stay in touch with my friend .
if i wanna post something , it must have a picture . if not , i can't post it .
i like it .
not very android friendly . frequently crash always have to reset . of late the update be better .
hello , my name be godsman and my wechat have go haywire . i have link my phone , social medium , and email to my wechat . wechat keep tell me my version be compromise and block my account . i have already recover my account once with my telephone number as well as recently change the password but my account keep get log out and block . now i can't seem to recover my account with my phone number anymore . please advise , it be extremely urgent . thank you .
not download .
when you shake the device it show you only people from malasya .
like it .
its very cool .
whenever i try to share a link to moment or to a friend , it rarely success . always complain unable to send , even resend several time . please fix it .
nice apps .
i like it .
promo code option be lot of problem . waste for time . but oxigen wallet ok compare with others . oxigen wallet i'll give 4 star .
it be ok .
fast and good to use especially chat with friend .
i like .
this app very good .
beautiful and wonderful .
easy to use . just when update there a glitch where all my cgat conversion will be empty other than that its ok .
very good .
nice app .
very like .
very good .
sweet program .
like it .
it be ok .
very good .
wechat awasome .
fuzzy call after a few minute into the call .
wechat tencent .
it be stupid .
very good .
more joyful for chat moment and share news with friend .
try 14 time to be locate by app . find me twice and say i be in iceland . despite be in scotland . piece of crap .
i would recommend .
easy to use .
very good .
very beautiful .
i love wechat .
there be an application . globe mobile look unobtrusive publicity that appear when you unlock publicity stavishb like and poluchaesch money in euro . andrey1969 enter and win .
peace , mercy and bless of god .
nice app .
never experience any problem , add optional message read feature would be a plus .
very good .
it's very good .
so good .
very beautiful .
very beautiful .
i like whecat .
fd shi .
a little damage beuges .
saer kalash fail error handle .
lanjut
it be good .
i use the time on the plate , very convenient . old appear bug . card be not automatically pop up screen .
fyi be not warm and pert chart the green road .
really cool .
h , l , aa k , l , u , b , x , b , p , a , n , j , n , n , l , s , al , a m , bio , m , l , m hee , n , c , a , h , l , al aa , m , u , l , t . hee , rh , i , t , love , me ,
but flour .
update issue need to do a period subject to necessary nhzvh it down and go back and do a purple taaljohma bummer .
sentence jaddaa .
simply cool only sometimes my microphone do not work .
after the last software update be open .
ta lob tob .
magnificence bs lech linseed .
in argentina the number and write 54 9 x but be also valid without 9 . and to put or not put it recognize as their number be different . and it be the same . i happen to friend who now have two account with the same number . one with and one without 9 be that be the same number . on the other hand when set a picture to bottle at different profile to drift . there be no way to choose to re use the same profile that unless i put the same .
the call function be to scrap not understand a word .
beautiful and fun .
its be a very long time i use this application , never have any problem . pack with feature and easy to use . i've try a lot of apply online chat . this be for me the best of the play store .
ben make it metaia ametaia .
fd shi .
i love this app .
i do not like at all .
very good .
try again .
video call be not work .
bs hai displace the problem to giha .
enter the program and keep the unity and we have to delete extort money alekhbh khrepetto mnabe program .
ta take too long to download affs .
the application idea be good , i think the look around very good , but the height of it be over a year and many user use no longer the application , and yet they continue and it be not possible to know how long the person do not access , or if it still have the application instal , that be just there be many user who simply leave the app a mess should review it to make it more organize .
reason automatic logout .
i know that the app be good . have she ever . he nurse friend now no verification sms code to my number . please to correct the problem . then there be 5 .
but more important be horny thaihealth 55 , 5 i like you .
sweet program bs the problem have not be introduce to emerge throughout lech problem there be a solution out convergence we must change our arabic into english and be enter the program bs .
but often reverse a 4 star to me .
we advise all beautiful winslow .
wechat need more improvement .
please be a new version aqoi and best .
very cool .
slap you .
the best .
worst bad neva install baadd .
come on .
clear sound good picture .
the whole day try to create an account , do not get .
once you sign up you can not leave . haejuji not care for korea customer .
verry good .
i still prefer the previous micro channel be now update hard to press people to reply in the comment , there be a place you can put each photo cute emoticon play the state do not cover someone else like me when i can not see like or comment on t i hope you will like to use it to improve it every wechat cheer thank you .
gear up .
the most beautiful in the world and program update rowouah .
very popular in china . audio , video clip , text , and more .
the function good but sight my phone cannot use sight n i hope u improve your sight later .
this app be much better than what's app .
how more and more card hope quickly improve .
very nice hand to your health .
can't delete the contact why .
wtf be ur nonsense bout . dont listen to them under 4 star its a cool apps . you can chat with ur friend anywhere but must have mobile data or wi fi .
when i be type my correct password then also it be say that wrong password .
it cool .
me and my husband use this app . and its good .
thankyou we chat , for this .
sweet and fun program keteer bs to bmsho and far thmilo timer time baila can not open i hope to resolve this please .
very nice .
very simple and practical .
my id dyn920214 .
shepherd program .
shake do not work do not correspond to think .
simply the best for video call .
easy to use .
but difficult . too hard delete old post . please make new version . put delete thread . easy for us . easy for you . thank you . hope you can do it to me and all your customer .
unable to find chat room . after update .
quick fee me id leong9030 decline pervert .
virus be indrmeyin .
how do i keep the app in run mode i can't find anything in the setting menu s regard this .
why i can't install this app wechat please help me to solve this problem .
i couldnt log in to my wechat id . i already try to reset my password but it still happen . i cannot login .
gorgeous but the update kiss this be a slow and ponderous some thing i wish tkono this update asalehto mis .
only good thing about this application be free .
top markotop .
jd bnyak tmen .
superb ap like it .
its an ok app .
dtv program .
samsung tab 8 . 0 tablet no video call . always lag .
aeetm n for installation in two .
what should i do i have be open less than a micro channel , go on the pop up . please help .
do what it say . connect people .
ok i .
i like it .
recommend to a download program bjnn .
shubukaler ff .
why i cant download the wechat . becoz the 24 error
the truth be very good application , but why not give it 5 star be because the complaint do nothing . still the same amount of filthy people show naked and not right . denouncement every day and nothing , there they be .
good video nice work .
a very good friend bill .
it be good .
sweet keteer bs after the update i have poster of hellbe i now 0 .
very cool .
aphid bra . s . end because i have .
the program go out hna reason .
be a tall guy .
mt good already use the century .
you the best im make money with wechat i love it .
very sastifatorio .
now wechat very slow . already . last time very fast . don't know what happen . update already still the same .
why my wechat doesn't have video chat function .
i love it .
i love it .
any word of the latest version .
use it to 3 year or taste but be now a little better .
i love it .
quick easy find friend .
love very much .
video chat , listen to sometimes not very clear .
i like this app so much .
i have not be download yet .
i love this apps very much .
kill huk dus .
love it .
good banget .
crow's slow yet .
kalash love sweet .
note 10 .
love it .
very bad people out of a long message will be completely stick screen then pop up , sometimes by listen to voice message automatically pop up over and over again and then see be this letter bomb do .
hubble program .
girl stallion violent and serious ahabh to talk to me on the cake wahab8523 .
my brother this program be good for after a while i stop vlazem equate survey data until actuation fargo fix the problem .
ily wechat saranghae .
assume name .
ok good .
go for it .
bartila son over here .
good , but someone have to say , while t .
it keep jam all the time . cant get any new message or moment from people , make me have to uninstall then install it back . waste of my internet gb . please do something .
deserve 5 star of fabulous and more .
the program be very good and i would recommend download . olaken i be have trouble after load the program for a period of time mean a week or ten day close and open . aztr to clear the program and download it again from the program . arju administration or the competent authority to solve the problem as soon as possible , and since you safely .
happy with it .
gud app .
this be a very good app .
its fun and i like it .
very good .
how do i start chat with people near by .
emergency aid .
cannot log in why cannot log in i try . wtf .
i can't life without wechat one day .
it's okay because don't no . eh .
bs leach of physician him out abhdh .
why not save the expression of interest .
five star .
the storage be too high can you please lower it .
h aish .
i've be figure out why do my mobile contact doesn't show up as if all of them doesn't own a wechat account i already ask my friend and they say they do have an account . please fix my problem as soon as possible . i try refresh it so many time already but nothing happen i be so disappoint . help me .
love it .
rat hay .
mr . r . day .
very good .
i want to delete my account but not delete help .
it's good .
really like .
the program hllow b lech m easyway log out some xt d fact aamsha him and return m new m it down and yak akhukom poet mehdi al moussawi aothiati for all akhawan .
i like it .
recent wechat really suck slow death please upgrade your system .
hllow live many hand .
try add more function . example , theme or background colour .
just sv i like .
patience will be sweet on akirnya .
motte perhaps al at bs ahawadid ahbunh taban .
can retrievable new friend not only from within the country abroad jg tp dr .
i love it so much wechat be the best aplication .
why open my micro channel near the data be less than one person tell me to drive , but i open the gps with wifi nor can near my cell phone brand be leagoo lead 2s .
star take the two star before they know if they be wait for it to load before you use the moon as well play somebody say it take me a full five star . ok .
i like this so much then facebook .
well do everything be fine .
i like .
its good .
beautiful and fun .
love this app .
sweet program .
good to have it be nice .
fd shi .
very good .
i be well use .
like it .
i love it so much . i really enjoy wechat .
unable to send photo to my moment . why this be happen .
there be .
after reedem my score i get code but after share my code with wechat team i didn't get any msg that i have register or no . tell me why like this .
who very good app .
high quality communication application of very clear voice call , but i haven't try video call . so far so good .
i like it .
be very good apps i like it but 2g network work not good .
why can't i download it even when my phone have a lot of space . i'm try to download it but i freak can't . help .
i love it .
i have mere frnds by this app thanx wechat team .
wow i be feel annoy with the wechat that always ask me to stop and get lag what the problem ya .
when i select video call a pop up be show which be a warn for wifi and for select continue for mobile data . i select ok but cannot call video . its automatically change to voice .
love it .
hi im use we chat .
love it .
reward point i be no idea from be to wechat official id , i be try every think but coupon be type and voice call option last month coupon west and this month i be try but a im not idea again how to use my reward coupon please idea mi .
good job .
its fun to use . and its fast .
this good .
its ok .
jamil program .
why i can't download this app .
we chat .
we chat it have high mb bas .
every thing be good but if friend show online just like facebook what's app then this app be better then any other apps .
be very happy in the app .
excellent new way to communicate to your friend i be love in it .
very good .
love it .
hello wechat creator can u update to change the wechat id because my wechat id that day , wrong spell . huhuu .
there be .
i think this app be cool and a fum app for me and my friend to use . but then i search for ppl by me and it stick me as odd that the majority of ppl be male and there be only about 5 female . i tell my friend to do it and they get the same result . later that day my female friend be get hit on by older men and receive picture of private area . i realize this app be a trap because you cannot delete your profile in the app and you can't even email them because it say email invalid .
love the emoticon , i can express myself better with it .
be good .
just love it .
i love this app .
hey pls help me . i dont know why everytime im open my wechat it will close automatically return to the hp home by itself . i've already uninstall install it back like so many time . but the problem remain the same . pls help me to fix this tell me what should i do . i hope u can reply me as soon as possible . thank you wechat .
long before .
totally awesome .
very good .
as title .
what a great app i wish i know about it sooner . my girlfriend and i could have be talk more face to face .
very good .
use it at any level of connection .
right after the recent update i be force to re enter my password and log in , it happen before , then when i log in , every single message be go , every photo , every type of medium be go . previous chat head be erase except for pin . there be no option to recover and tencent be responsible for the data lose , why be it so difficult for you to store onlinr like fb messenger instead let's store all the data on the phone , let it take forever to cloud upload and erase everything valuable after update .
very good .
why if i install this app isn't compatible version for my device , before i install this app , but why now i can't install .
love it .
love it .
nice apps very easy to use .
love this tool .
love it .
download fail . diplucate provider authority . i cant install . please help me . i will give 5 star . hope you can fix it . or dont give any update for wechat if you cant handle it .
how do u know if someone be online that u want to talk to .
i love we chat .
best im app i've ever use .
be unable to open we chat i dnt know wt hpd but it keep my phn lag n hang all the time please fix it .
need to on the location data . before this no need to on location data to find people . fix it developer . feel dispointed .
its nt work properly . its waste time . waste money and every thing be waste we chat .
it be an excellent app for keep in touch with family , friend and relative . also , it have make me a believer in term of group or team texting and share info .
i like .
very good .
it's good . but show very less people near by u .
no match for this app .
sweet keteer program .
could me more interestingif bottle drift be unlimited .
excellent app .
people nearby option and many other option be not show in my phone sony xperia m2 .
but in my phone its not work . answer me why or what to do . help me .
it's an awesome app , i have be use it from long .
i can't make a video call it always say that wechat be not respond . please help me fix this .
this be ridiculous my account have be block for whatever reason and i be unable to unblock it through all method . can't log in with qq number , nor phone or email . what the heck .
the best .
excellent app .
good application .
suck app . can't even register my id . no one send me the code , already try use diffrnt method but still haven't get any code . tsk so if you be read this pls fix you're app .
its vry nice .
wtf i cnnt install this app .
i like to use wechat it be cool but the new version just make it slow andit crash all the time . be it not useful to lose the fast app just for have short video option that doesn't show the video for a long time .
nice app .
a great program .
nice and good .
sarah , lebanese , who can have a good time to write me nobody force you .
really like .
like it .
her memory bloom .
gls easy .
like so much .
jjangjjang you can also contact a friend of the chinese oi 9 jjeoyo .
gid jadda program .
extensive network .
moga dngn wechat ktmu passer aq coud find
i hope it's a good bstamalh to jaddaoallah sweet jerbo stag be lose shi .
super nabega re , it be fast , the recomiendo the maximo .
my title .
i really love it and enjoy .
beyel pl rruah .
very , very good and excellent .
i aasirla metal erosion stadium khalid salimi .
as widely .
very beautiful .
it's a lot like .
no coment .
love this app .
play very well .
magnificence severe application god bless him merit or three star .
there be .
too slow .
very good .
hey will this year 20 be female and look for nice people to entertain . my nick name be ay caramba .
because it be kak .
you be the best .
after verify the second day back void and re tthbynh once again what action .
sadh ram .
there be no drift bottle function in my android phone .
wish problem or a program every two day back and attach atagafl maardy open . sweet program bs devastate halmhklh .
it be good that the penalty not to send music .
isof king iraq .
good apps .
no notification unless the app be run in the background . i miss message many time because of this .
like receive .
not great .
the new version be cool to me .
its amaze .
i really want to delete my account . and there's no respond from the wechat team . plea help .
it be pretty bad . it be very complicate 2 use compare to the old version .
very beautiful .
excellent app .
it be good .
provide good service and communication platform .
very like .
great app .
be repeatedly send request through email to close an old acct . upto now it's still not delete .
long before .
very good .
keep tell me that my phone number be invalid even though it be valid .
i like it .
nice app .
very beautiful .
thank you wechat this be a terrific app and i shall be inform all my contact with this incredible free app . it help tremendously .
i love it .
please tell me why ur app cant find my location .
nice app more update .
i love we chat , i have a lot of chinese friend and we chat make us contact easierl .
generally accept by many online visionary .
at first i never receive any verifed sms then it keep show me too many operation please try again later . come on please fix this asap .
i like .
i miss my dog . and that time my mother send me pic to remember him i often cry that something will happen to him wechat with this app comfort me .
very nice . i love it because really easy .
cant go into people nearby .
my account problem now , i shake many time cannot find any people only message no result find , try again . admin can your help me fix thank you .
i should be able to search for user from other location . the same repetitive people show up in the people nearby option . or there should be a way to block the people that you don't want to see whether you add them as a friend or not , so then new people that be nearby would then show up on the list . also when we post up picture in the photoblog there should be a clear option that indicate with each photo upload if you want to share the picture with the public or with friend only or keep private .
i can't download this app but i still love it .
this a cool app but i can't download it because it doesn't have enough space . but full star for this app .
you must add new futher .
i love this app . truly .
i love it so much .
very good .
super app .
hi . i accidentally uninstalled the app . can the contact be retrieve after reinstall or i have to search those people again please reply .
really i love this app since i use this for few year .
low quality of cover photo . it nice if can be fix .
i like it .
love it .
i like it .
can't change my we chat id . im use android please fix quickly and reply fast .
connect to all my family n friend's .
for video call .
great app .
there should be a community place where people can meet each other .
it's such a great app .
i can't use it . argg . pliz fix it now . uninstall it for now .
hz have .
i like wechat .
good application .
it help me a alot communicate with all my family frnds and love one .
its very simple to use .
love it .
make it better for blackberry . at least as efficient as on android .
i like it .
i like it .
nice app .
i love this because can video call voice call i think and you can find your girlfriend .
unable to save photo now . what happen .
i dont know how to delete wechat account . i want to delete my account permanently . such as fb there have deactivate account set .
you can also slightly . each time you have be remove for no reason really do not understand why be this so there better not wait for me to enter it each time show improve please wait just fine .
easy to use .
love it , enjoy it .
it's very good .
beautiful and wonderful .
this be a very good .
very good .
very good .
kalash sweet .
my sweet program bs mh lh and necessary halhh .
problem in wajid because of last update .
kolsh halowo rowouah my lord and i advise you to tenslowo bs henwo why it be see talk absrah balance program .
good and free .
champion open .
very good .
sweet program through which we can communicate and acquaintance friend from all country .
you be not a brain problem andrew have a good interface and change to the sb apple look . do it seem that you be developer capability be at the end . what a joke of a company .
it's a beautiful bs because i have increase the number of alkarobat and friend become itskr of the state of argo treatment .
amowot him .
asphalt program aktar than a year biena same problem .
very beautiful and wonderful and i encourage each and every one will bring him down and deserve four star program .
te func o .
the only pity be that the video can not be add in the point . i can still correct . and so i use for several year .
i have the same problem become hfallh solution masir haig claim the ant .
jaime not the apps because it ask my password and i have a problem with m . d . p .
find a solution at the exit and entry bitter least require that your application and delete download least once .
afeeh bs i have a problem with one of lech asoele ask o roob anagafl oluigot i idolize wipe reportedly demonstrate a new solution soleil god akhali m .
it be good .
foo bayildim super s per .
very cool .
very jmil .
a good not good program but need to jiedin people to use it . with my pride for all but have recently become always give himself to log out and then never open only after the delete and re download and install it again . i hope to solve this problem .
b'n b'g'd .
the best program .
shake error do not work very well veriyo kicksey application .
and ichab .
very nice beautiful roih .
the program be ergonomics like honey and attach him how much a month and do not work all that be reveal to delete it and the second time he would sit and operate two week and 10 day and be due to comment . otmany to solve his problem because he be very helpful .
program be sweet and hla junk after the last update we hope that those who support it please problem .
less suka . krna tman yng look dtemukan many physical .
just kla surprise .
jamil program .
sweet program be very entertain bs problem he suddenly linseed and mivch after his return womanly login .
i'm upload the first time that i give 5 star , so i wonder how an application .
pgen cri jdoh .
sweet bs abietal bntr and catch one of the first and new .
the best program in the world and deserve a star .
that's all .
i be a star .
there be a problem and be when the software be instal after a period of use get out of the program i hope this problem be fix .
it be good .
a fantastic social program but all work on it stop by itself i do not know why fh we hope that the maker of aamilo us solve refer cancel install he attribute categorize installation of a new hope your solution .
do not understand be the new wechat ram too , or my wechat with enough ram . an update , i will not do the whole wechat card . not before , an update on the card .
download any kind be here .
more bgus lg let kren . buat video call msih fix slow ch mhon d j deh ok . i like it .
be ok .
i love see to whom i'm talk to .
i love .
not as good as b4 .
wechat unable to load location , better use other messanger .
that's good .
if you can look at each other read and unread function with good .
ahmed4098 hedda identifier i wish you well .
very nice app .
beutiful of the we chat my fevrite app .
excellent program .
bolehlaah first try .
ra at .
ayuame to return .
this be lovely application .
why i didn't see video call option only voice call . what's happen yo my cell phone .
just want to try d .
full star for wechat . feel the difference . top and brilliant .
the program f . bs why kulma it down do not come down .
suddenly the app be uninstalled and i have to install back again .
very usefull apps thank .
very beautiful .
excellent and easy to use .
every time i want to open it , it say wechat have stop .
the best app i find .
not bad but need improvement .
best in video call so far , but the charge here in ghana be too much . love it anyway . good job .
very good .
i can't install .
at the moment the best all in one .
thank you .
i really find it annoy people call through whatsapp and be eat through my data .
i dont usually use this app but when i use it work well . i havent encounter issue just yet .
best app .
1 . hide chat message preview in notification bar be a must . i don't really like when a chat come in , it show the message content in the notification bar . please fix this . 2 . permanently deactivate account . it will be a very big pleasure if you can remove user account who wish to deactivate remove their wechat account forever .
nice app and awesome .
i reinstall almost twice a week f . ck that sh . t . improve it please .
good app .
rat thich .
good to have it be nice .
i like .
we chat .
the app be ok for now i hope it last .
yeh tqsm wechat team . i can login to my wechat back .
will give 5 if let know whether a person be online or not .
connect with a lot of old friend .
i like this app .
cant have a look around n find new friend . plz . fix it soon .
why i can't download wechat on the usb storage and sd card .
idk but too much sometimes but so ya i love it .
love it .
i like it .
love it .
friend radar not work . why .
difficult to go through .
i have be try to download it since forever i don't know what i should do now .
while call on wechat , display do not turn off automatically . please fix .
add a feature wherein we would know if our message have be see already by the receiver or no so that sender would know if they have be seenzoned . pls add it asap .
not good .
its great .
i love it its awesome .
so far i'm satisfy .
very good .
i love this option but i cant se people nearby option .
please add new option for shake with button press . over all application be good .
the apps be very well do and very convenient i love it .
can't hear anthing from speaker when video chat , speaker work fine when usimg other apps .
good app .
it make everytin easy .
wechat be a wonderful app . it be functional . it be so good .
unable to search people around .
i dwnld it only for earn talktime .
i enjoy with this apps .
i se this .
just love it .
super love this app . it's really cool .
regular user . this be awesome social application to make a video call , voice call , message etc . thats why this be one of my favourite application on my phone list . thank you very much to make me meet our new people in the world .
super love it the cam and video so great and clear , so worth it , so high quality application .
it be great app . since i can't log in .
i like .
so far so good .
hello why cant i change my profile photo even after try all kind of way . and when i type my status alien word form .
useful and lovin the app .
i couldnt add any friend , couldnt post anything and couldnt send a message wuddafuq be go on .
sticker be awesome . voice call feature have clear voice u can hear .
a great program .
no load .
to make some new friend .
love it .
like it .
well this app be that . subscribe unsubscribe be not on .
want to delete my account can not be .
excellent and beautiful , but its problem simple close of the same and we have to wipe it down a second time and ashan use please solve this simple problem .
movais app .
i like this .
won't send a code to verify my number .
my baby .
hllow much better than other program .
emuinto cool q and not worth olaine and bum but mas faleu guy low guy tam bm speak bjs tial .
thank because ini have mana friend in here .
i encantaa conoses people do everywhere . i recommend .
like it .
very good .
the program magnificence and worth more than a five star .
important program fd shi roowoowouah .
so good .
help relationship friendship .
ok bgt .
nice app .
be not as per dou les 4 star xd .
the disteny to two be mean to be ,
keep up the good work .
nothing better .
i can communicate well to other destination .
i have a error 24 after try to reinstall it and i still can't find the com . tencent . mm file after search my file . i be not root , what should i do .
nice app do ny , ny much affection just abuse wechat application , many people be use it for the negative . so please if any of the party to use your wechat indecent photograph , please block the trsebut , thank .
very awesome .
why some emoticon can not see why , why make quick fix .
i like .
it's very fast .
really good .
the guasapp .
application to be able to get rid of boredom . new friend .
love much .
lo and discharge into a zte kiss 2 and slow to respond only wait and design do not give me access to create an account know if this team do not support it or something .
complete and precise .
everything come down itskr back again and download every time you launch a bummer .
i have not use them before n a .
knnot download .
to get better q would be online .
super good .
very comfortable .
welcome saddle thyn .
s not know if i get the message to contact s as see in the wap or online sta .
why i cant log in .
great app .
please solve the problem i install say you can not download because of a 492 error .
my problem of p enter the gatt come out automatically maarov lech inmsahn cole alrsaal to me akhroj hfalla please solution .
love it .
too bad all you open the program automatically close .
a record stay macana not recommend .
azhbo hard to download .
very good .
no coment .
nice to know all of his .
very strange yeah , why not download .
it become more m n once it down subject to xue stop an . da old program update oah .
enter the rja of get out of the program alrdja cancel and prove haala tsan rjaoua solution .
b or my brother to trick people okmu amk be it go to ho u .
good and close every update because he have to register again . please and thank treatment .
the program mivch henw reason .
program and do not aroowoowoua .
i karrar from iraq note perhaps this program be that if i open the program come out of the unit please address this problem and thank you .
sweet and wonderful program .
it be a fiasco click .
very good .
there in the mis physician ali and maeshetgl hllow problem please .
nice app .
wechat tencent .
fail my contact do not show .
there be an application . globe mobile look unobtrusive publicity that appear when you unlock publicity stavishb like and poluchaesch money in euro . andrey1969 enter and win .
nice one .
while sweet mo fail to introduce the program come out of the g alone .
like it .
it be in alstoy .
most usefull n save money app .
i like wechat .
saudi arabia .
i love this site .
enjoy family connection with this app .
love it .
i cant upload my contact so that i cant find which my contact be use wechat . please fix this .
the search and shake doesn't work and it's completely useless .
love it .
very good .
lovely app but not smoothly work on data mobile network . can't describe about it . we can well can say not well there's difference .
wonderful program .
it's useless a waste of time and money .
i just wish you didn't have to login evrytime you use the computer app otherwise , great .
there be .
i wish they would have notice like it's be read or receive like line app but my uncle live in china this be all we get so unless u put down notification i guess 3 star for u .
its a bakwas cheap bullshit app .
i like it .
the best .
this be awesome i love use this to talk to my friend in mongolia now i never miss her .
really a good software .
good for look new friend .
love it .
i like it .
love it .
so happy .
i love it .
cant download .
during installation , it show unknown error code during application installation 24 . kindly fix the bug .
people nearby be not function keep tell me it unable to load my location . please fix it appreciate a lot .
like it .
beautiful and fun .
program more wonderful .
use very high memory . ram .
gud app .
it be great . i love it . keep it up . make some more interest function in this app .
love it .
very beautiful .
seem like once a month my account get flag possible compromise and i lose people nearby functionality for a week . there's no recourse for this as wechat team doesn't answer , support email go unanswered , basically screw out of the most fun feature this message app have over others . not worth the aggravation . and , resound no to the be your account compromise question , never , and really doubt it could be .
guy send me friend request i want to make new friend my facebook name be sohel idr .
love it .
very sweet .
social medium .
very good .
it's awesome app . very reasonable . love it .
love it .
simply good .
great apps .
so good .
there be .
its good .
this app should make a last see system . it would make a great app ever .
pretty good .
it's so cool before i move to u . s . a it crash and brang up swear word .
i like it .
very good .
easy to communicate with friend and family .
i like that .
i like .
cannot log in to people nearby for mi3 these few day .
i like this app . so much .
i m not hppy 2 ur apps .
great app .
it be ok .
i love its wechat apps .
very like .
very useful .
i love this app because it very insert .
nice social app for connect all of ur frnds .
i like .
its good but i need to start again when the call take long time because we cannot hear both side .
if people send me message i cant receive it . i receive late . like to hang .
i like .
it become very slow translation fix that and give them the next time the 5 star .
goog bgt .
hay day .
mslam jan . good program i advise every one ihamlo halowo .
a madden hellbr . s . make me akpl priority uwe b q from reap the huai rasayel aal and keep bkifa and we have to delete it and once it down loch .
it become bore every time need to omit and install it once he get .
very large size .
must have this .
why do i not see my micro letter fetion sms , this be why .
load . ireland be not at shea .
love it .
nice friend , but sometimes card machine .
very useful to me .
nice to make new friend .
if you dare to try it just to know who my real .
easily see your friend .
i can not open micro letter , when i open , it automatically withdraw , resolve .
like it .
it be good for his trouble activate after use and then , due to close alone require cancel and do again . i hope the wrong address .
good roat .
i really pokonya .
there be room for improvement , make persistent effort .
it be great .
disgust it .
love it .
very like .
why then update those interest picture i have not be say be also save in the full wash be also save less , can you tell me why this be so .
program o ther wonderful .
i lyk it cus we can do more abt it so cool .
it be very useful and good it be very useful for conversation with friend .
nice one . addict to wechat . no bug .
it be nice and fast .
finally beik .
not good in videocalling always reconnecting .
this can make a video call .
my wechat .
can add a lot of new friend .
i really appreciate the comment i use .
information come not notice , only to go in there and ring tip .
put 5 .
very like .
when i instal this app back after uninstalling it because of various reason .
personally think the best cell phone communication tool .
mardah bear hoov .
self delete all picture that i save from wechat . useless apps ever .
this app i so perfect .
i like to chat with my freind .
very easy . quickly . thank you .
mntw lah .
i can't log on any more after update . get massage server fail .
if i like but the problem be men up picture of thing .
empty behi .
i hate wechat now . i use to enjoy it , but after un and re instal , i find out that image in moment be not available for download . i back up before i uninstalled , but only the chat message remain , the medium file be all go . please fix this tencent . edit problem now fix , i don't know why . still lose old medium file but at least now the moment have be fix .
application of an integrate chat .
super nice .
very good application .
call be superior to the line and bother me no stupid offer like the line .
can't use people nearby , always unable locate my position even i have hight signal . and even use wifi .
as always better and better .
i never ask just be not what i have in other place open to determine the title .
use high memory and ram .
aa garbage to two day and stop after update .
hay new friend .
satisfy really .
pure pervert .
just a few day memory be less 100m .
abr . s . for this failure because all medjl achrij .
ladeing'de only .
another good message app .
love it .
nothing be worst than it .
good entertainment .
wht just happen it just won't open when i do open , it force close . help me please . i really like this app . i'm use an oppo joy r1001 .
like it .
very good .
my micro channel in question , you help me see . oh thank you d .
very good .
very good as in some new job in each city sos it serve and be very useful to integrate and give conoser socially .
love aadab .
requirement soon have report anything . it will not give us disappoint thing .
like so much .
trimah kasih we chat .
very good .
chat now .
with hshah .
why be my micro letter in the application can not be find , not open in the download .
last update meevth program .
nice quick comfortable light .
there be .
already 3x .
thumb up .
haven't use much of the function yet to comment much . but so far the interface look approachable .
love it .
this app be so good easy way to connect , vedio call r awsum .
great app . dont understand why most people have problem with it . work very well on my phone . but i hope i can share gifs to moment .
i just update wechat and now it force close say wechat have stop everytime i try to open the app . should not have update . cant even open it now .
best program .
app be slow at time design be not that great . consume a lot of memory lag .
very good .
love it .
i love it .
i love it i love this and i whan sex game pls .
i press it and it show the moon and a guy .
it be good .
good app .
not bad just need more improvement especially always update .
its ok .
it's awesome .
love with all .
that's cool .
great feature . hopefully it will get better , sometimes startup could be slow .
this be really good .
all the free sticker and emoticon be the ice on the cake . great .
very good .
and very usefull .
its ok .
i like it .
best to download wechat because i can't to talk my friend , my fmly , my teacher . and you als . hi break . would be 5star but now 5 star . ha love you wechat . thank you .
it take too much time to download it . and it will say error in progress . , please fix it .
pls re activate the function which allow user to download the mini video which we like to keep them .
one of the best if not the best chat app ever .
very good .
sophisticate program .
i do chat . great app .
good app like it so much but there should b see zone n if a person type should b show .
thank you for the wondrous apps like this .
love this app .
just social only .
easy to use .
its really cool .
i dnt know y cam be not work .
love it .
need more improvement , the layout of the wechat need to update . just like whatapps icon .
use a lot for work and daily life .
it use very high memory .
great app .
nice , i ve use it for 2years .
why cannot download pls fix it .
fail for 5 time download . help me thank .
why i cant signup hope anyone here can explain to me what the problem
wonderful , wonderful .
but the ram usage be high .
love it so much .
i like wechat .
i love it .
it be a good app .
their be a problem when i sing on it go out .
it doesn t work .
very good .
easy love .
share we chat be really cool .
now i can talk with my friend .
im unable to search my look around and location .
i like it .
i hate wechat now . i use to enjoy it , but after un and re instal , i find out that image in moment be not available for download . i back up before i uninstalled , but only the chat message remain , the medium file be all go . please fix this tencent .
very good .
i love u .
can't make video call to lumia 520 yet and elapse the voice during call . overall its perfect vvoip app .
beautiful and wonderful .
sweet program .
i cannot change my profile pic .
i like to record and send image do not help me .
ochin silno .
i can't login .
why be i not a red envelope it have be update .
foreign lot better .
let's first try .
it cause my phone to hang up .
good app . work as describe . from europe to usa no problem .
be very happy community communication at all .
nice thing .
i just love the sticker .
hllowowoowo bs beah his job alone mo sweet athecr quickly .
the almost best i very like it .
. good .
good like .
nice easy .
guud be the best .
i love that .
please help why can not i see the video .
still a little lag , do not go back out to receive information , please improve .
very good apps .
how do i save a lot of animate facial expression ,
gather remain intertwine .
not bad .
whenever i use the take photo function , it snap the photo but then preview the photo with no command to send . htc m8 on 5 . 0 . 1 .
halowoowooh bs refresh his problem because libdeh emerge from kiffa and we have to delete and re focus .
cry log in less than super annoy .
halowo program bs after update the kaleidoscope come out automatically become .
sweet be not the center do not pad hahaha .
sng sx in the paint we jdi bnyk tman .
if the micro channel can know each other's whereabouts like .
more cool dech .
good program to continue .
through the program , the experience and find it interest and useful to make friend .
try to look for the second .
nita cute .
very like .
very good long gujrat .
the wechat have amaze feature , like find people use wechat near you and to shake the phone function to find people be phenomenal . deserve 5 star .
for less name .
fatma fast .
very good .
it be good .
it be good .
easy to use .
very good .
not load .
love it .
i loloveve it the keep get better and better all the fun emoticon easy to send pic . the new 6 sec video thing be a little tideous . i wish there be a dual feature where you could record longer than 6 sec video . and a selfie mode . that get a bite annoy . other than that , you have a loyal fan wechat .
a very good .
love it .
cant load this app successfully , why .
nice app .
nice app with good feature .
its good .
like it .
it be great i use it to talk to my friend and my family . but one day i saw that it have automatically update now it say no memory card so no image , audio , moment , videosand more . i be not impress so i expect that it will be fix . so plz tell we what be wrong and how i can fix it would be 5 star but now its only a 2or3 .
but it take more ram memory .
what a lovely .
very good .
very good .
like it .
excellent program .
pretty awesome .
great app .
like it .
like it .
i cnt open to wacth sight and also to view pic . i use asus zenfone4 .
very good application .
good app .
the best .
why cannot update .
i like .
good application .
nice app .
very like .
thank you .
there only sex chat need lot of correction in we chat avoid pic in this avoid porn pic help me to close this apps .
use high memory .
thank you .
like most .
wonderful app . easy to use . very effective with communicate to group . can dynamically add people to group chat .
promo code option be lot of problem . waste for time . but oxigen wallet ok compare with others . oxigen wallet give 4stars .
it good but not best .
free call .
super application .
very good .
it good tyhing for invite .
very good application tnks we chat .
after update this application i couldn't send any massage to friend .
this be amaze . i can type my moment any time . and meet friend nearby .
i be this app before . nice .
how to unlink facebook .
after i upgrade to latest version , i can't search people nearby . it keep on pop up message to request turn on gps and data network . even already do but still can't work . but when i use wifi , it able to search people nearby . pls fix it .
worst app whenever i send a msg to any of my friend who be there in my friend list , it continuously show that he have not accept the friend request yet and i be unable to forward any message . bullshit app .
its great i love the app . its cheap tho . great app .
love it .
this be my only way to connect to my family in china .
very good .
very good .
pretty good .
the best .
very good .
very good .
very good .
the besr app .
i like this application .
wechat use high memory .
great app .
i like wechat .
very good .
why my acc always log out by him self can some budy help me .
i'm use it for three year . i love it .
try guy be fun have fun everyone .
we chat .
pierce the viels .
very good .
very good app for make new friend . and voice call video call , walkytalky experience be very good and most important share moment on timeline . so thank you so much we chat team .
it say that i didnt use an official of wechat and my account be block .
i love wechat . one of the great way to find new friend and the best way to get in touch with my family .
this social app be good n billion of user use this app .
i wish there's a way to see if the person you're talk to have see your message .
very good .
very cool .
i like it .
my friend have this app so i want one too .
i love it .
how be you .
love this app . i connect with family around the world with we chat .
gud one .
quite well .
very good .
wechat its very promblem .
very good .
better than whatsup .
soo beautiful .
awsome app .
it be good .
let's first try .
i agree that wchat eat use too big space till i've to uninstall few app .
like it .
can't open after update yesterday . please fix it .
i be unable to search through look around feature while use mobile data both edge 3g . i try that on three different device it simply doesn't work , btw it work fine when i use wifi .
very beautiful .
good apps . easy and simple way of get the most important thing .
very good .
ok but video be upside down pls . try to do something about this .
thank you for this app .
awesome blow away by clear voice call to other side of world . my goodness this be awesome walkie talkie feature perfect .
i like the sound quality and sticker . problem face be that the require space for update be high . try reduce that .
sloww why i can't download it . 32 and its stop right there .
maybe u can upgrade the sight with the sound .
5 star .
very cool .
why some emoji cnt be use in wechat while we chat with frd , i'm samsung note 4 user . my frd iphone can use the emoji . but i cnt see it . i jz see 3 dot . like . only , pls solve tis problem if can . thank you .
video call keep upside down , please fix it .
pretty good . but it drain my battery fast . please fix this .
after i update 6 . 1 , i cant see a moment post from another friend list . what problem be it . pls fix it .
luv it .
terimakkasih on this application .
i can't singup , i try downloding it 3 time , but even i can't creat an account , why be that .
lag after update , fix it please why sometimes my wechat account will auto logout .
wechat be very good to share to it all .
the privacy be great .
i like it .
very good .
unfortunately wechat have stop whyy i want to use it .
use it once couldn't understand it at that time .
more update plz ok .
it's great .
very good .
i recommend .
camera quality be so bad . not as good as ios version . restart way too often .
this app be good .
nice app .
i realy like to use wechat .
thank for create great app .
my account block all of sudden till my account unblock rat remain 2 star .
very fast stable .
very good .
it wll be my frst tym ply ths app bt nw be back cz i hear salt abt .
love it .
a great program .
i have be use we chat for more than one year and like it . it have multifunction and user friendly .
very good .
nice app .
very cool .
good we chat .
after the update . its have worst performance while my phone have a great performance . always not respond . update its as fast as you can . update it i will rate 5stars . thank you .
impossible to migrate chat history to new phone . the only way to migrate be via upload , but upload anything be impossible because wechat always time out every few second . send feedback , but so far wechat doesn't care . receive update . nothing change .
it's excellent .
the whole family get connect together at home or office and even when aboard away with instant contact . very useful and easy function .
the app work like whatsapp . great job .
love to share with close friend and it have a privacy .
just wanna give 5 star for make this app . it help u in the middle of sadness and when u get hurt .
i love sticker so much , there be too many free sticker to use but it would be better if you make the kitty for free like others . the second thing that i love be the speed of send file . thank u .
the aplication it's good but you have to fix the video call coss the voice dosen't here to well and more marvel stikers be very good . for other thing good .
as long its doesn't have any problem then it fine .
good application .
work well , highly recommend , actually meet some of my closest friend today on wechat .
very nice .
nice app .
love it .
i can't see moment , there write no memory card , no profile pic , what the hell be this after update i can't use my wechat , so update be useless huh thumb down wechat .
we chat .
woww clear video call and especially the voice call its really clear .
i don't like any more no ptt button the big one and the video freeze too much .
this be very good .
recent update be cause . my phone to overheat lg3 . this do not happen if i uninstall wechat .
the most clear and reliable program that i would recommend to everyone i'm glad i've use both the phone and grundig gtb 701 tablet free program samsung young 5360 t 21 , t 40 t even i would recommend to anyone work in almost all work perfectly android phone very successful an emerge application that use the t 50 also work very nicely even more perfect than now after the update of information on good advice for everyone ederim . s p an application , thank to all who contribute to the .
i love this my aunt recommend this to me . she help make this app . you should like it .
its sux . not work same before and need high memory and cant load pic or use video call .
no material design decisive star .
love it .
this be an awesome app i think developer should make more option to connect with new people worldwide .
psycho amk be fill to the front of your a yos fag with such application .
i liken wechat .
easy use this app i love itt .
washoe i have picture mitrsl .
very cool .
its a great app . nexus 7 2012 .
the reason for this be the relationship of husband and wife i want to be destroy .
bs problem and misfortune .
very beautiful and wonderful and i encourage each and every one will bring him down and deserve four star program .
j a d .
mccluskey let me register a new pipeline thus interview scooby down to around 4 5 percent you will gain jing jang's color .
essy and fast i love it .
ah r .
good but too it be too heavy for my phone .
badly just .
please fix it in new version . i want to change my wechat id . if u fix it i will rat for 5 star .
if chido .
he maysthak star bs maeshetgl .
very nice .
ok good , better , good pokonya .
samsung galaxy s1 front camera be upside down pls fix this asap .
excellent open bummer shaw work update without usefulness be open .
battery drain too much .
thank you .
it be beautiful , but i'm give something when enter hua give something out in his spirit . we hope happen modify in this topic and shokran .
it can't show people's from near me .
a wonderful sense of the word .
very good .
not sure why . seem to overload n seize up .
rat tien law .
change material design before we discuss the application of quality problem .
sometimes circle of friend always fail to send .
rorah magnificence very sophisticate program and deserve 5 star .
not bad .
very interest .
some former circle of friend put out , look not back .
bs i ask you what be prove program atefah dimension gotta want to atbuth of a new certificate my problem be a good .
i have a problem yum wipe attribute all my friend aarouhon lech madre .
good job .
lenovo s930 .
lindo love without download all speak well if i do not like the problem ta me .
choochai . toprateep .
if you do not kulanacam beyenirsem remove .
iajmap error every xue repeat shake feature idleness each xue please rapid solution mainfh men like that feature be still not work please rapid solution please enter wechat rapid action to resolve the feature team b igl hour and crash on keda mainfh i wish rapid intervention .
horror of horror people be not engage in garbage .
ok tank's .
do not let the sticker fall .
i love this application .
i cannot sign up in my s5 because i don t receive the code , no matter how long i wait for it .
good well .
el precede thread .
very good .
i like it .
very like .
my wish 1 . push to talk ptt on headset . 2 . autoplay for audio message .
i still want to play pencil pilot . why its go can u fix it please . i like that game .
it will be okay if we can see if it be see zone and if they be type msg .
make way for user to see their old post and picture easily , please .
the shake feature suck .
line or kakao be much better .
ugh it keep on crash .
how to know that our friendlist be online .
lively app .
btw , still be a good app .
wechat be good i don't need to pay a nickel after i call my love one .
like it .
it's very good from whats app .
i wish my download be nou vinnger i really need this i want to talk my friend .
why i can't install it i already try 20 time already please fix it .
great but it could be better if u guy add auto translate feature instead of do it manually .
free video and voice call .
like the ability to be able to transmit file as well as text , image and video .
how to record video call can any one help .
tui thich .
top markotop .
no doubt .
good apps .
very good .
good deal .
the must have app for anyone who have any connection to china .
superb app .
i have recently update my wechat not after it can't show me people's nearby on my mobile data . pls solve this problem .
it's good but it must hv dp privacy option as fb have . like you post your own pik as dp n no one can download it bt cn c it .
easy to use .
i love this app before but now it suck .
i can't log in my own account .
i can't describe how i feel about this app .
my phone notice that my wechat be not in application so i install wechat after 5minute my phone notice again i install again but suddenly my wechat history all miss please help , me to restore .
i really enjoy that application .
quite good except for the game . dragon warrior .
so easy to contact with friend .
i love it .
we chat .
when i try to open my moment . it auto close my wechat . it happen many2 time and i hope you can fix this problem .
another app that can be use for free through internet connectivity .
i hope wechat can auto resend all fail message . it's such a pain to click resend one by one . i hope it have an option to auto resend .
lot of extra to delight .
hard to find people .
very nice program .
ui material design .
i like .
keep all chat .
i like .
very good .
line be best app . for video call .
love it .
it be so nice app .
good app .
very good to use .
simply marvellous apps for the blind .
the best apps . i ever get .
great apps .
i love this apps . but sometime its not work well .
voice or vid call aint work after update .
limit outdated tech . all their competitor you can sign in to multiple device at a time . but wechat limit only 1 device .
i can not install we chat error indicate bad manifest . what be this all about . now i can install we chat but font size be too small i need double than xx size .
nice wechet .
love it .
i can't register through my .
very good .
i like it .
thank you wechat love it .
load slow and backup data should be automatic that would be better than find out they weren't save .
he stop work after last update my device be the bike g1 3g .
nice not slow .
contact with the chinese shop .
good night my wife have a question this application and it c l turn off the wetchat his name be lety martinez and return to activate but l no longer appear your photo and favorite image as l can do to get them back . thank .
adapt the application with material design .
wow , nice . i like this wechat .
simply superb app .
love it .
fun to chat and have fun .
the last couple of update have make the wechat app slow . it take age to start and often freeze , hang or crash . now you can't keep hundred of animate sticker , since you be limit to a maximum of 150 sticker . also chinese govt censorship .
love it so much .
i injoy play this wechat .
i dont not sure . but videocall be clearer than skype and tango .
very beautiful .
the dynamic emoticon be sensational , and confirm control to accept invitation to the circle of friend . all these advantage be truly free . thank to designer .
very good .
why not on the land ah .
very good .
many picture be not display .
you can contact more foreign friend .
miguel and bianca .
what the problem actually why i can't login please help me on this fix this problem asap .
fall back .
ta download if good give more star .
the application be very good in term of video and audio quality a 5 star quality . it have very minor problem that it sometimes drain the battery in my tablet and i need to go to setting to force stop the application . hope they could fix this problem soon .
i like it .
find friend , not at all .
this be good for people .
wish to use the material design .
test yet .
indo version of what could kagak .
something very beautiful .
get better and better .
taba this alttaibq rah bs beah fill mouhloh every short period close and ivch .
pl've use this a lot as well dv k ngen bring interrupt conversation . h pl strange sew velvet tai tiep . pl ok .
good apps .
where be material design update .
awesome aap .
hope micro channel can be update to show people can follow each other follower , then friend of friend that be not add to the who can see who praise such a message would be better .
this app be great which able people to communicate with ease in a big group . great job .
great way to keep in touch with everyone . good thing be wechat be downloadable .
i love this app .
do not always easy .
after the update you do not see all the picture .
sweet program .
possible add a feature connect ogirmtsal .
hello know henw delete a software problem .
for me mimic the line that i have , so no more download apps for me .
lg wear might be more fun . ye .
the best program .
super easy to use .
want to multiply your friend .
i like share music or something a little regret not easy to use in korea .
please fix it i always can't receive my message until i click on the app sometimes it log out automatically . and it lag a lot and sometimes i can't record message as well . please fix it .
live comfortable .
too good . better than you whatsapp .
well i be . download cool if i give two or one star s .
padrisima this aplicasion .
i like .
what the fuck .
i can only say that be good hope to get good people .
r . ah 9 .
very beautiful .
find true love thru wechat . thanq wechat .
dhi qar .
sweet and easy to use program and the same advantage shake wonderful .
why not write off micro signal .
rah shi beautiful jaddajadda .
zaj pass from here .
jamil program jayden .
it will take in your ass .
nas wonderful .
love it .
we chat .
it be good .
i cannot delete my account to change it new . haiz .
very good .
good one .
ilove wechat .
it's very good but please add deletion of picture's comment feature .
first time use this .
nothing to it .
will give 5 star if emoji and sticker be properly show for android wear support . currently show as smile for .
it won't even send me the code .
very good .
i like .
the best .
v . good .
can u make if someone be online or not like facebook chat do .
very functional .
not good .
it make my comm to my family easier . thumb up .
wechat tencent .
hard to change profail picture .
i like it .
very easy to use .
very beautiful .
nice to talk to anybody overseas .
button should like facebook more comfortable .
plz how still can't , he give me error 24 what be this .
i cant see the photo that my friend send it to me . please fix it we chat .
nice you .
best app .
i like it .
to much space . to fake . annoy .
great app .
too late for download it .
the good apps .
my video call be work how come .
good one .
make my ram phone low .
very nice , update version be really good .
not bad .
mih rat thich .
love it .
it say here that it can't be instal update because of my default location installation what do that mean .
there something wrong with receive the message . late . im not sure but my wifi speed be good enough .
confuse with this .
just awesome .
enjoy with wechat .
jamil program .
it be not very good .
sound quality need to be improve .
i love it .
thank for the great app . but many sticker be not available or cannot be use . please fix all the sticker .
awesome . i have be use it for 3 year .
love this app .
but why do it google map in china it completely break the location share function .
wechat i be in block , please open the back .
very nice .
i like wechat .
love u .
i'm happy with it . my only gripe be i wish i can save conversation to my computer .
the apps be good and nice . but why everytime video call must hang pls improve .
nice for video . clear . thank you .
love it .
good apps .
always lose connection and crash . need to login back so the message can enter . plesase fix it .
look , it wont let me log in also when i put the code it say too many operation . please try again i still dont get it . pls help me fix it now im freak hate it . i really dont know whats the problem .
i can post but i cant chat . there be always server failure error .
its more than just chat it's great .
pretty good .
i'm on a nexus 7 tablet and every time i try to log in , it take me back to the login page t .
i love this applecation .
love it .
it be lovely .
really good ,
jibai why so jibai this . wechat .
love i can to my mom always .
its so awesome my whole family stay in touch witht this app . my sister and new nephew be on the other side of the world and this app make it easy to see them and stay close .
a great program .
i be use samsung galaxy grand duo's but i be have a problem i be not able to send any video pic or audio nor i be able to download any video pic or audio . plz fix my problem .
so far so good .
1 . use very high memory ram . 2 . gps signal capacity be very poor though it be set in high accuracy high battery use . 3 . give every day update which consume data about 35mb to 50mb and which have not so much change after update also . 4 . no one can share moment with a single person . either public or in a group only .
love its .
pretty good .
the best .
very beautiful .
i want to save some image to my phone . but after i click save to phone , the image didnt appear at my phone gallery .
love it .
there be .
thank to wechat team it so use full to all .
i dont remember a real name .
work well with my samsung galaxy s 5 .
super wow .
very beautiful .
enjoy ever since .
in early version of we chat when i shake only one person show and now it show too many people i be confuse that how to chat please help me i give 5star rat .
i love you .
love it .
very good apps .
there be .
it be ok not very interest like whatsapp .
specially for earn money .
for now it's work pretty fine .
excellent program .
my wechat be get slow lately . i dont know why . i cant see my moment , i cant chat with others and chat isnt enter . please help .
i like it .
love it .
not good but ok .
i'm the one .
very good .
the program rowouah .
great app .
theme yess .
i love it .
its best app to keep together to everyone .
its good .
summit in aluah .
excellent app .
it helpful . it easy to contact my in all over the world .
i think this app be very nice and i like this app so i think this app i like this only full star because this app be not perfect .
every day be not lonely .
rotten , not update .
yiaep's a rock his story be also follow hoist character can also itdani yiaep jjangjjang top .
very good .
really nice app .
this app . best video call quality .
love the moment side so much .
like it .
luv the new upgrade . now i can send and watch the full video through it . while during video call it strucks hope u will soon fix it . thank .
nice app .
better than whatsapp . it doesn't have last see feature . no bluetick . more fluid than whatsapp .
easy to use .
pls update your emojis . not all emojis can be see in chat .
i be not able to use option people nearby , when i click on it the massage appear we chat be unable to locate your position go to setting location and enable use wireless network and use gps satellite . but my location be on another apps be work . please to the needful . wait for your response if you solve my problem i will rate be 5 star .
guess it ok .
you need more learn . about app .
download it , its fun u will meet a very many friend .
what be wrong i try send a chat but it keep say system error . what be wrong actually i log out and try to log in but it say system error and wrong password please help me .
i love we chat .
why sometime pic canot open .
very good .
shin star .
not bad .
very good .
nic app .
overall experience be good , just that it doesn't accept general emoji and ui can be improve .
very useful and convinent .
its a good app . love it .
the update be awesome . thank .
why can not i open wechat .
great to be on wechat .
so clear during poor conection .
i love it .
good to use , chat people around the world .
gud app .
most popular chat apps in china these year and more and more people all over the world start try it .
best app ever .
great app . easy to communicate and easy to use .
it's awesome .
i love this app aww 3 .
recently instal but it won't open . i try a few time but it still didn't work .
good tool .
i think hike and watsapp be to much better than the wechat . wechat work be very slow plz fast the work . wechat be very nonsense app for this generation .
keep restart the application to receive message . lg nexus 4 android 5 . 1 .
one of the best social apps ever .
super nice .
i have many group , and i would like to put them in seperet page , i do mean not in the same chat page . thank for such as powerful app .
i will update my wechat .
i like .
i love it .
good app .
love it .
great app .
please fix this after update android to android 5 . 0 . 1 all image be blank .
new or old .
please suggess auto save for photo video new verison not support nokia lumia 520 .
billy the kid .
love it .
it s nice application . i can kill the bore time by make relationship with some people around the world . it s really useful . i like it . thank for crearing this application .
i dislike the feature that wechat automatically send invitation to add friend when we install it . unlike previous version , we know who we've invite . no privacy .
i cannot send a video . why be it .
i like it .
it be so nice app . and there function r so nice special video call .
get better .
but not really good .
its great i love this app . i communicate with my friend in china all the time .
it have help make many frns from different country .
love this app .
like most .
i like this apps .
very beautiful .
i love it .
every day can write the moment and chat with people .
i keep get sacm people by shake can you fix it please otherwise awesome app and very nice sticker and notification .
good app .
it's special for me , thank .
love this apps .
very beautiful .
good app .
love it .
this apps be very user friendly especially to country like china where i have most contact .
awesome app .
after your new update , i cannot write or read moment with wifi connection . screen will show server failure , my wifi connection don't have any problem to connect with other device .
great app .
message won't receive until i open the apps .
love it .
i have be use this app for a long time but i be have camera issue now . i upgrade my lg f320 from jellybean to kitkat 4 . 4 . 2 but both camera become blurry and dark . please resolve this issue thank you . wait for update .
so far not bad very good app .
like it .
i love it but it's still quite a heavy app on samsung and for some reason , my account log out by itself everyday one or two day . otherwise , it would be a great app .
best chat ever .
very beautiful .
very like .
like it .
nice app to make connect with other people .
not bad .
in front page they will have two wechat logo , and user need delete it by own self and the search nearby and shake always have bug . how many patch serve pass still didnt fix .
very good wechat .
nice apps .
we chat .
very good .
there be .
i like to post sight and image there .
i love the translation function . however i cannot use it to translate th profile name or the what's up comment . please update to allow this function to work in all area or field . great app .
why sight video less than 30 sec .
cant send location when use own data but can search people nearby . when connect wifi , location can be send . pls fix asap .
never have a problem . work just like it claim to work . the only problem i have , be get my american friend to learn about the incredible app , so i can have more contact .
it down and talk to say a line download .
excellent , i love it , thank .
thank a lot to all of its information here .
its awsome never find a social network like thiss .
very good .
whenever i click on nearby option . it ask for switch on location option . but after click on location option it display a message . unable to find out location please try out after sometime . i don't know why this be happen infact my app be update one . and all other apps with the same gps position . please tell me what to do .
very good .
love it .
very cool program .
gud app .
wht be this .
please enable lead color selection support for incoming message notification like whatsapp for mi3 user , thank .
it's very good application for make gd friend here i like it .
very good .
the best .
when i use shake it show me user in china and japan i live in ireland this need to be fix ps update do fuck all near me dont work shake give me user from . the far east wechat sort this shit out wont go higher then 2 stat atm .
very good .
just awesome .
very useful .
thank wechat teem .
i like it .
im very like this app bcoz his fun be double from another chat app .
very like .
satisfy with the service .
why i cant post a normal status without a picture but some people do . can someone teach me how to do that .
ty wechat team coz make this app free .
just awesome , but it doesn't have any specialist , not too cool .
nice app .
good app .
love it but i wish it can use for u . power save mode like other app do .
so late .
love it .
why i cant connect wchat game wit my wecht acc . they say that i dont hve permission to do that .
people nearby suddenly disappear . fix it .
her memory bloom .
impossible to migrate chat history to new phone . the only way to migrate be via upload , but upload anything be impossible because wechat always time out every few second . send feedback , but so far wechat doesn't care .
my wechat near by be not work plz fix it .
great program . thank a lot . it's the best application can use .
love it .
like it .
love it .
very cool program .
like many other .
it be very useful to allvideo caller .
please translate wallet section . so we can use it . now i can do only mobile top up . others be in chinese .
very like .
very good .
excellent application .
it always say unable to upload a profile pic . and which be really annoy , plz fix it and will rate 5 star .
don't use it .
great app .
add long sight video please . p .
best chat ever .
why can't i log in it always say log in but it never log in please help me . i'll give you 5star . device sony ericsson xperia x8 .
very beautiful .
my favorite .
very good .
guy s pack it to low 35 mb be too much . it totally hang my phone . it good app what not that like the others . i only give one star for this .
magnificence program .
love it .
love it so much .
keep up the good work .
i will give 5 star if wechat can operate with slow internet connection just like whatsapp .
like it .
use over 400million people dude , only 100million above be download this social app .
its a very good app .
good job .
very beautiful .
it's cool .
i upgrade 5 . 0 . 2 in my yureka wechat not open directly close please fix it developer .
i love .
ok lah .
we want material ui for this app the others be great but the ui suck .
nice clear sound .
great app .
there be .
very good .
its always stick damn shit .
excellent application .
it be absolutely fine .
thank for the update .
love , the simplicity of this app .
not bad .
why i cant saw the sight .
thank , because of wechat i can keep in touch with my family in thailand .
this app be not work in my lenovo dolby try to do something asap .
it will too good if a person know that reciver recived the message .
excellent program .
no comment .
my friend and i always use this it really cool .
plz update it with last see option .
i can't install wechat in my phone idk why . please solve this problem .
really good .
very beautiful .
very good .
shake problem resolve . now happy with the app . 5 star now .
work quite fine . i love the app though i have just few friend on it .
i like wechat .
it be very good to use .
cannot view friend sight . only show symbol .
jamil program .
there be no noti on my home page when the massage come . please fix it . tq .
like it .
a beautiful program and magnificence bs fill me alone tgeni invite a friend program yukv after maeshetgl waco solve the problem hague .
while i have video call , after 10 minute or more , the voice suddenly turn off . pls help to fix this bug issue . i'm use nexus 4 lollipop .
unable to use people nearby function , location be on but still can't use function .
tuenchai kosakul .
program tayeh khza .
i love magnificence program .
play very well .
great one .
it be all rounder . so gr8 .
and whoa really wonderful . very jamil . hma program take into account .
yes steady lah .
this be especially true message . the rest be fine .
i love this app . great job .
people nearby unable to locate my position even i open gps location . pls fix it . asap . damn .
i do not get the code ever .
ee rapido y easy .
substitute fuel .
pmin and spam all this crap .
very nice .
download less than fen chang .
i like very nhu roowoowouah .
best ever .
very good .
excellent very .
just ask laura if you would like to add .
badge not clear in note 4 lollipop .
when i send emoji it come out as fullstops .
splendor program .
can't view sight in moment .
unable to install .
asst . ct3 n be bridal professional .
i have not send pohot to other .
jamil program be worth the download i advise friend to download worth 100 star .
very nice rah .
love to chat .
love it .
i like it .
like it .
vilma siles .
love it .
a great program rah .
for trial .
it deserve a five star .
very good apps .
good app for chat .
a great program and it be in the health of use .
fail micngl atalg ahadh .
be very cool .
it be great to have fun with frnds but the problem be the voice call which this app have to improve .
the sticker option just disappear from the wechat app . what can i do to get the sticker option back .
nice application .
exlent application very use full to me thank lot wechat team .
it's good .
i like we chat however recently my phone update the o s to android 4 . 4 . 3 and now i can't see any new image or sticker my friend send to me . all other program still work fine wechat be the only app with this issue . terribly disappoint .
good apps .
be a very good socialise network , m enjoy it almost everyday .
i cannot access to the apps and game inside wechat after update my wechat .
love it .
i love it so much , but i wish there be a way to post a status or moment without a picture .
5 star .
how to happy on wechat .
like it .
like it .
very like .
very good .
great apps . thumb up .
like other .
i like .
very good .
very good .
long before .
very good .
very good application .
very good .
not bad .
it's good .
very good .
very beautiful .
a great program .
very beautiful .
very beautiful .
a great program .
i love that .
really good .
very good .
excellent application .
it's a great way to hook up with other gay guy .
cant install wechat . why .
there be .
it's so amaze .
very good .
love this .
so good .
i like it .
i dont why this be not spread in brazil .
super to communicate with fren .
very cool .
good app .
very beautiful .
thank wechat team , i love it .
worst app .
could not be download due to an error 491 . please fix it asap .
i love it .
it not allow me to make my video call .
nice . but not clear voice call .
i love it .
ilike it .
by mistake i create my 2 wechat account with same number . i want to delete the another one , what can i do .
baghdad , iraq .
good app .
very slow apps .
please add custom sticker folder and maybe use coin to make our own sticker set and sell to other wechatters and make sticker larger .
i like this app .
it be very useful app .
i can connect with my family which far away from me .
people nearby unable to locate my position even i open gps location . pls fix it . i need ply dragon warrior .
very good .
lovely b application .
fast and great .
awesome , i've use it for year .
it be wonder app .
very beautiful .
can't run the apps after update .
when i voice only 60 sec . give me this not enough for me
wild wallet be great . my id be 12153 pls use it and earn 200 credit .
lech bejrj .
i always cant share the sight moment pls fix .
really like .
anehrgid but the thing that come out my spam without log out .
voice call be amaze .
still mncoba .
why this aircraft thunder ra game , after upday , suddenly open into the well to automatically jump back screen .
very wonderful program .
raia . bs more than if i go out and come back again enter the program ask me a password or record again .
haris sentence .
grate abh .
very tight .
. i the class .
top program magnificence .
update also good .
great free online service for communicate with friend .
very nice thank you p wonderful program .
after the update can not view nearby , you can not open the link , you can not see a small video , very annoy .
like it .
asik create add friend mn aj .
the world seem smaller with group contact . keep un touch with family member be easy now .
good i like wechat .
i enjoy it . thnx wechat team .
it can accept some image form apple device .
notification too much because notification from others increase my notification i hate it because the notification give me hope that notifocation from my moment but when i open it , very dispointed , the notification from another friend .
they ask me to do . hahaha . im sincere on rat this .
its awesome chat app becoz it provide all feature like text chat , sticker , voice call , video call and some offer too .
so good .
we chat be great messenger but it have a huge problem that we chat doesn't show online and offline user it's a big problem that i face with we chat .
why . i don't dowload wechat but i love wechat .
this app be great because i can talk to my chinese friend in china and australia .
good apps .
not really good .
one of the easiest way to make friend .
please . please . please . i can't share a moment update . i can't see other people moment update . 4glte signal but load from 2 day a go . until now .
it be ok .
it should need to show online friend . pls fix it .
this be a very good social app . but some problem disappoint me . i suggest we chat team to add who be online show system .
magnificence program .
it's great as just a messenger app , as good as any other out there , but when it come to voice or video call it's simply the best , far superior quality to skype .
can't use look around to see people nearby even on stong signal and wifi .
best app ever in my life .
very cool program .
it's be day unable to use the function . fix it and will fill the other 3 star .
only get an error on s6 . basically worthless at this point .
hey weixin tech can someone please pay attn . i have reinstall but wont let me verify . please check . ty .
i love .
this app make my phone lag because it take 30 minute to install please fix this app or nobody want to install this app .
its 300 mb of my phone storage wechat be take , and always freeze . i have to force stop it to receive msg .
wechat make the world a globalvillage . love it .
we chat be my favourite app i like that here people won't be able to see when you're online . but video call and voice call be not support properly . don't know why that's what it's make me disappoint .
i like it .
good app .
very easy and fantastic chat .
i love wechat .
easy to use good .
i'm a frequent user of wechat with my wife who's chinese yet wechat doesn't always follow the best practice of android . for example , in android 5 . if i set the phone in priority mode , wechat's notification sound still come through . very annoy . because of this , i'm rat it 3 star .
i be use shake feature but all time chinese people come . and look for 2km . and not respond . its a big problem in wechat . never look true result . so i give its 4star but now its 2 star .
i like this app . keep me in contact with all my friend in taiwan and china . new feature add quite a bite of time waste fun . galaxy note 3 , 5 . 0 .
like it .
please fix it soon .
cant live without .
pretty good .
too gud bt i have listen dat there be d option of language translation will some1 tell me frm where i get dat .
what's wrong with this app .
unable to backup chat history instead of just past 7days . i don't really like it .
very good .
it be good .
because i need to install now .
i think this be awesome .
pioneer of chat . love it .
very good .
because translation be big problem every time not do translate .
load of free sticker .
very good .
it be very useful app for video call .
thumb up .
hope micro channel can be update to show people can follow each other follower , then friend of friend that be not add to the who can see who praise such a message would be better .
why i can't install it i follow your advice but its do not work .
every time i enter into official account and look for message , it always show web page not available . while , at the same time , i use my friend's account enter into same official account , it successfully enter . pls help me fix this problem , thx .
i love wechat .
like it .
i love wechat .
i can't open it .
cannot access people nearby . wat shud i do .
like it .
i love it .
i tap on the wechat icon on my phone but it still say that i wasn't instal it . then , i unistalled and install back but it still say that an error while install it . why i can't open my wechat now . please help me .
i just reinstall it but i still can't load any webpage n i can't load any sight in moment . hope to gt sum hlp . thx .
cannot access people nearby even my wifi in strong signal . plz help me for this .
i'm proud of use wechat .
i love it .
find my love here .
it keep show wechat cache pic video in my phone picture album , pls remove this cache from it . i be use andriod kikkat .
not bad .
i like it .
like it .
hello wechatress i love you .
awesome app .
have be use it for message and video call , be fabulous app to use . but after i change my phone to s6 edge , i download wechat on the new phone and it keep force close . i couldn't even open the app at all . what's the issue now .
how can i share video straight to my moment last time it work well by add to favourite . now since you have sight for us to record video i can't share anymore video straight to my moment . can you just please improve or upgrade your app by not remove the prev function .
very beautiful .
why i cannot login my wechat . id n181998 what happen i dont understand please fix it i have customer in there .
easy to use find many friend .
very cool program .
but sometimes . i didnt receive the notify cht . plss fix for this .
very power app in general , hope it get even better in next update .
no support for communicate with people who don't already have the app .
great but why cant change the another theme line can do it so i hope wechat can do it too . in chat it be great no have problem very fast .
i like it .
i can't not download .
what happen with wechat why i can't have notification update when my friend send message this app be good and have no problem at all . what happen now please fix soon . thank .
like it .
when a friend send me a chat , there no sound . i change the notification ringtone many time but still same .
i try this .
can't change my profile pic the way its do .
maybe there will be add say rate blah so i rate it all ready even i haven't install it yet lol .
just that you can subscribe only with a mobile number be a disadvantage as it be difficult to use it with kid on their ipod , if the have no mobilr .
it's great .
overall its good but can any body tell me how to post an status on my timeline .
the reason i'm give only 2 star be that android user can't update their status without upload a picture while ios user have the option of update their status moment with just text . second reason be the frequently automatic log off which be very annoy .
why do i can't re install it . i've try a couple of time but it doesn't work at all .
we chat be my closer frnd .
nice to chat .
i want this app can share music on moment .
i love it soo much .
why i cant log with my own account please fix this problem .
nice for reach out .
that's all .
i cant recieve any friend request and i cant add any frieds since this morning pls . fix .
it suck near by option be nt show nd when u shake it its alws show chin pepl i dnt knw why .
love it .
i can't update my moment and my profile picture these few day . please fix it .
just as i expect its totally amaze .
i love it .
this app completely suck . how be i im in wisconsin and i can only see people in freak china . dont download im uninstalling .
better than other app .
the language be major problem if u r go to deal with chinese community but i find the application as solvent .
love it .
i cant load the sight in moment pls fix it .
very good . i love this app .
like very much .
i like this wecat .
very best to find friend .
good . bst .
nice apps ever .
i have be give the wrong obviously the give that person the result be wrong to someone else please improve me , please .
can u fix up update new that can see last see . please .
love it .
can't log in .
uh bubba .
the most easy to backup transfer chat history .
it's ok .
1st day be fine but after that whenever i use the shake option it show no user find try again and its very frustrate . fix this bug and i'll happily give you a 5 .
plxz yaar i cant send pic to my frndd its be irritate now if u cant fix da prblm stop this app f . i have send 100 email non be reply wht da hell r u .
i download we chat but not work . so many hour its load . that's i say fuck .
if they can't even see out profile picture , would be better .
i get this app on my tablet but on here it say package file invaild be there something wrong and what be the package file .
im very happy to see my mom in state . this app be very useful .
i like it .
hello wechat team . i have little request . can u make moment notification option . so i can be alert when someone post a moment . it notification can be off and can be on for someone we want for . tq .
very beautiful .
i'm really enjoy .
in your app s shake and find frnd be really dangerous i dwnload it today and whn i shake it i find two stranger 1200 km away . one of them with a vry nusty pic say me hello plz secure it for other user and help me to delet my wechat account .
new year .
i love this app .
won't send a verification code sms or phone call . and say i do not have the option to get it email to me . i just want to find and chat with my friend in australia .
love it .
it's good .
love it .
everytime i scan the qr code , it show me that the web page not available .
can't load smoothly sometimes .
wechat make me meet someone that already break my future now .
i can't login and force kick me out immediately .
there should be no limitation on drift bottle .
its will be fun .
very nice .
very good .
no free recharge on wechat reward .
excellent application .
please have an option to change .
this be awesome . i can do anything with this wechat . i really like this .
hello . i love wechat . my friend and i use it a lot . but recently , we be force to use line more and more . the reason be that line listen to our feedback and make update . wechat do not . we have be ask wechat to timestamp each message in a chat session . we have also ask wechat multiple time to add an indicator so that we know when each person be type a message . each request have be ignore so far unfortunately . please consider your user feedback . we will not need line if change be make .
good app .
wechat reward event mention until 25th april . but then wechat just stop give out point before 18th april without notice . not go to join your event after this , xda amanah punya .
dafuq y i cnt log in my wechat account . this thing gettng worse .
lot of fun kinda big but great .
field crab .
very beautiful .
i think wechat should have refresh freindlist to know who have delete and block . tq .
good time pass .
we chat condone vulgar picture by turk . i report them and we chat block my shake twice . like to meet people besides turkey and middle east . like thailand or philippine , like when i first join .
great app .
very easy to use .
how the call can be more stable then it would be perfect .
me gusto .
very good .
good apps .
excellent but im scar of it .
amaze app video call and voice call be good quality and stikar many more verity .
work great .
very beautiful .
love it .
my phone do not shake why karbbon s2 in this app .
i have download this before . many of our problem be sight only 5sec be you crazy . what can we record in 5sec . ok so far its cool . i hope you fix it sight .
jamil program .
that's all .
need to improve . totally block the ppl that have be block by user . after be block by user but we still can msg the one be block .
this be a app .
like it .
i like .
very sweet .
customize gif and surround search i love it .
meet people .
the link u give me before i cant visit . please solve my problem or i gonna to uninstall it . please email it to me . i really love we chat . i cant find new fd anymore now .
very like .
now on the samsung s6 edge . still awesome .
we chat be ok i never try it but .
network be too doll so try and something about it .
everytime i wanna mention someone , i'll be out of the group chat . other than that , everytime i shake i'll find chinese that's 10km away , eventhough i'm malaysian . please fix these asap , too bad cause im always a wc fan .
perfect and easy to get attach to your family and friend .
by far the best video chat app .
very cool .
like it .
so good .
so loud and clear .
very good .
what's go on i cant edit my profile pic and my detail . in addition , cant even sign up . the network error always pop out . make me feel angry and frustrate .
i love it .
cant log in when use samsung s6 in knox mode . solve this problem pls . will rate 5 star after problem solve tq .
sweet keteer program .
easy for comunication with new people . wherever they be . like . like it very much . thankyou . but , in about a month already . i have a problem with this program . because i cannot get new friend from the people nearby look around or else from radar . so sad .
not bad .
love it .
i love it .
great app . love it .
more remarkable program .
rat thich .
cant live without it .
still run slow n hang d app and most of the image and video i receive i cnt view d image and sometimes its play the sound record and most of d time its never play or hear me any voice record .
wechat video be very clear .
love it .
the scheme ws by send photoes n by do broadcast msg till 31 st march . u will get recharge of rs . 200 . 00 n after do this we chat people msg tht cash back offer n online purchase . which be not work properly at all . i try so many time bt couldn't get my recharge . and not receive proper response from we chat . pl do not instal this kind of fake app and don't believe in this kind of fake scheme . in this kind of scheme only we chat people earn . nd we get nothing . request u nt to install .
a great program .
it's the best software chat .
the app crash as soon as i click on it .
i can update moment but the main problem be i can't update like other people do . i can only update by upload a photo . the others be write their feel etc . but me , only can update with photo . fix this and you'll get 5 star .
wery good .
i never try this . hope it never disappoint me . and make me satisfy .
i dont why . i cannot login my wechat . i've try so many way to login my acc but i cant . i cant verify my acc . fix this problem asap . please . i've an important thing in my acc . please .
baghdad , iraq .
good this chat for all world .
bery gud this wecit .
good for what i need it for .
very good .
excellent application .
it's not .
it's ok but same notification issue just as allen chen .
can't find how to save to a different directory .
it's good app also have very good quality of voice and video . lol .
very good .
on par with bbm and whatsapp tho a lil slower than w . app .
it's don't work we chat shake to my mobile . its alwys so no result find plz fix the bug as soon as possible .
let's first try .
i love wechat .
after i click verify and it say the web page be unavailable how to log in .
i be send a mesage to someone , a pm then the app suddenly force close .
very like .
why i cant unlink my phone number . please fix it , i wanna unlink it .
when i shake for get new friend i could not find new friend .
i have a problem . i can't even send a message to anyone . please fix this asap . thank .
have hard time to open this app .
others send picture can not download completely repair as soon as possible .
like it .
this be the wrost chat line site every build it doesn't fix email error go i type in my password information it reject all of my current right information . my real email account be record right the app be a fate . site that do nothing to help people sign on and get them through . the step please take this failure fautly . app off the play store list . no one should download this app it do not work it one of any apps that waste your time . and give you nothing in return my rat will be o to 1star .
a great program .
young vhmuna lech brief .
there be .
always never get my location on android so i eventually delete the app , i buy another android phone and have the same issue so i lose faith in wechat , now i have and android phone and can't do we chat .
light rise .
chatri with siri .
very good app . i love .
introduce alemimate .
cudnt post any photo , keep load , cant add frend , cant see others moment . i dont know wat be wrong with this update .
i want to try .
beautiful thank you very much .
good item .
shock hllowowo program .
gb cctv .
super good we chat apps .
the chinese come out ridiculous that it's over now can not find the result never completely cancel .
mantab . but please be fix at the time of start up . sometimes lag .
i really love it . but i don't know how to share song into the moment .
i love it .
work great on both wifi and 3g . regularly call malaysia from ireland and its perfect quality .
vedeo call voice call .
the best part about this app be drift bottle love it .
awesome offer .
i like it .
love it .
look around fiture not work .
best app to meet new friend . thumb up .
i hope wechat will add the feature for upload video in the moment to upload the video from storage sd card , not only from the sight , and i hope i can upload my music from other apps , not only from qq music , thank .
very like .
pretty good .
good bridge to link relationship and bondage .
a playboy name baki just often text me of have sex with him can you use a review on pic cuz other gay boy just befriend me and always send me of a pic of their private part eeww plus remove the shake thing please male be like say to add them to my contact inorder to show then their penis . ew .
there be .
i can not download .
very cool .
very good application especially for asia region as it be widely use here . you can text , voice message , even make phone call . only disadvantage be i need to restart every time after make phone call , as i can't hear on the next call i receive or make .
we chat .
very good .
i really enjoy this app .
awesome app .
there be no find bottle anymore .
i can't see last see of another person that should be improve .
only problem be take too much memory and resource from the phone . will heat up the phone and cause lack .
i like this application a lot . specially it's sticker n it's system of voice msg .
easy to use .
very good application .
can't open sight even use my wi fi .
nice and awsome .
love its simplicity , convenient to use and the phone call quality be excellent too .
use it since last year . never encounter any problem . yet .
althought my network be fine , i always cant see any news . and delete some of moment and send message . jees fix this crap .
please help me unknown error code during application install 24 and i have do it like u say . that file com . tencent . mm cannot delete . oh my god .
new version lag a lot . the older version be far better and smoother than this one . and to be clear there be no problem in my phone . please update it .
pretty good .
we chat .
please check game system why can't login to game tq .
i dont knw wht be problem whenever i open people nearby it show me that my gps be off but its on . i dont knw whts happen .
those apps like this . its really helpful for contact my friend via free call .
its great .
this site be cool .
i ask my friend to invite me to join a group . when he do invite me , im still not in the group . its like he send invitation link but when i click the link it go nothing . please fix or tell me how to do it right and you will get 5 star .
love it .
cannot log in why i have try many time , pls help .
best app .
lovely to use .
love it .
very enjoy when i use this apps . nice to chat and no waste the top up .
good program .
it's so slow .
when use the video call feature , i cannot see the person i'm talk to .
nice work .
its a very good app .
very interest app whenever u feel bore jst shake nd u find frnd who wait fr u all over the world bt when ur bore other wise no use of these app .
shake not work . show chinese people around me .
why i can't verify my account lol can't use wechat at all .
i love wechat but i can't log in .
i like it but , how can i delete my account .
love to use it .
nice app .
i can open the chat but after 2 3 second the app close it self . i deinstalled it and try id again , no chance . please fix this android lollipop .
hi sir i trust u this be last time . if u have not give me mobile recharge option . then i recommend my all 500 social friend for send this sms yours all dont trust we chat team its fake not satisfaction offer available for redeem your money . im give time for earn reward daily what be the result its waste offer available . just like jabong coupon rs . 200 but if u purchase in that 700 . luckey draw who trust .
why everytime i have a video call , my camera doesn't rotate correctly , it turn up side down . so lame .
top markotop .
i use a htc one m7 on lollipop 5 . 0 . 2 and i find it hard to find people nearby me . disappoint much .
wechat tencent .
i have it but my dad make me deletecit .
i hate we chat .
easy to use .
jamil program .
its ok now .
hi , it would be better if front camera can be use for sight .
get more friend n more easy to enjoy it .
l love wechat more than all apps .
5 star when i can tell if the otherone be type or go .
pretty good .
download the weather pokey i love you too baby .
yes its good apps for call .
i like .
there be a recovery process they ask for another number to recover the first that they've block . it just doesn't work . it loop .
call not work not work always show connect but not connect . last show network issue .
good app .
why custom gif animation always so small in older wechat v3 , gifs be display in beautiful large size . now all always display so small i have a high res screen almost all just empty space w small animation on the corner so stupid and , many sync custom emotion download from other device , get corrupt . also , frequently notification don't work difficulty to log in . stop add more feature , and start fix the bug since v3 , this app get slower worse .
wechat be good but sometimes it will lag .
there be .
very like .
great way to chat , free call even video call .
i like .
it be good .
since i update to the latest version i cant hear the person anymore he cant hear me too
i love the sticker .
very useful .
very nice conecting to family and friend . so cool .
very good .
i can download video from my group .
it's good but sometimes not good .
helpful specially in china .
hate it . i cant even search people around me bevause of my location . i have active it , but cant search people around .
good site and it be a great .
app ever .
good apps of the year .
i hat this google .
i do not install wechat .
it's so great to me .
i don't seem to get notification for comment reply on moment post by friend , but otherwise this be a pretty good way to chat very similar to line .
because people can't join it be download it .
wechat be fun because we find many friend .
very nice .
be very good .
very good .
there be .
use it everyday , love it .
its realy . fine .
be very good .
nice voice and video quality keep it up .
prevail in my memory crow's an .
very good recommend .
sweet bs iraqi saro and the ad all hglathm lie and relationship vhltona astkhaddmto program aagrdkm negative ashe bakm hkllkm lack tenderness .
so have fagot show private part in profile picture and album that should be ban pornographic photo .
lovely app .
easily updatable .
just change to samsung s6 edge , but the program cannot be open on the phone . need app update .
nur aisyah adrean .
i send the picture to see the image do not have to listen to my voice , not to solve it .
very like .
great messenger .
anho very marvel .
ohh shet what this app i want to install it finish instal but they say to me error this app cannot install in your location data
why have not use . be not a problem . micro letter .
plz add the feature of show that the send msg have be read or not . otherwise the app be just amaze with video call and audio msging option .
good job .
hard very cool .
i try many time but it cannot download .
i love .
love it much .
i love .
when i use my new s6 edge to launch the app , it show unfortunately , wechat have stop .
very good .
bra . s . very beautiful bs my mhkltb you see between the period ask me your pin and maarafh and close lech maaraf possible assistant .
program frankly very distinct bs problem bear and a week after he become attach zerora solution to this problem .
luv it .
k phaj la dau .
wei gat my preoccupy hala .
excellent . better than the rest of the pack .
the program magnificence once bs which separate the voice .
johnson and give you three good praise .
very nice .
excellent time .
very good app , i have meet new people with the q i have come to interact .
please set a new set that we can screen shoot the chat .
current communication and fun .
a great program .
very good .
i like it .
very beautiful .
i like wchat because with my friend from other place i can see them and they can teach me new thing .
soo much issue . totally bakwas .
like it .
why still not update yet .
very good .
so . god .
this be the best kind of social medium that i have ever use besides whatsapp .
always good .
most awesome app .
this be the first chat app that be so popular that the whole world love it .
awesome texting app . use it to text my friend .
a great program .
it wl say . error time out when ur sure that it be ok .
i dont know why my wrchat keep restart when i want to post image at moment and refresh moment . fix it . tq .
this be my 5th time i hv to uninstall n reinstall it back bcoz of not respond , n auto close the app .
no need add or search . open the contact , safe the number then will add automatically . heheheh .
not gud .
love it .
i love wechat .
very beautiful .
i like it .
harryup download it .
we chat best app ever .
very good .
i love it .
i meet someone special from here . thank a lot .
easy to use . keep it up d .
when i use shake it show me user in china and japan i live in ireland this need to be fix .
too slow .
i like it .
not bad .
i love this app .
great application .
i love this app . we can easily get connect and chat instantly .
i love .
why i couldnt log in my wechat . even my internet data be fine . its always be load .
wechat would be ideal if there be the screen rotation .
i hv issue to use wechat , i cant receive any message , update news fee basically it only have the frame leave without function .
from me .
add custom gif . and connection issue . notification not show unless i open this app . pls update .
best social network .
good stuff .
nice app . we may translate msg and also recall last msg if we have send it by mistake .
very simple easy .
love it .
a very well perform communication tool .
hi . i desperately need to terminate my acc but there be no option to do that . there be the block option but if u block somebody , u still can see their moment and their wechat acc still stick on your contact list . if u delete they from your contact list , your wechat acc still stick on they contact list . i want the person that i block cant find and see me in they contact list . i mean , . disappear . when u block someone they wechat acc and my wechat acc will automatically disappear from our contact list .
very good .
i love it .
i can't even go into the app . all it say be unfortunately wechat have stop
love it .
easy to be a fren .
i like it .
i love .
now i can't login this be suek .
remind you of your vocabulary .
i like .
nice apps .
cannot post a moment with text only . argh . pls fix it .
like it .
very beautiful .
very nyc app .
sometimes cannot receive message via wifi , cant load picture via 3g , picture maximize awkwardly .
just lag and lag there . can't receive and send any message . moment also never update how can i use it .
nice apps .
only app that reward you .
oh well . it give me problem here and there .
nice apps .
please add android wear support . can receive message but no reply option on the watch . thank .
sometimes notification stop work .
i like this app .
nice app .
good application .
i log in my wechat in other phone my chat delete .
like it .
i love wechat .
i be use samsung galaxy grand duo's but i be have a problem i be not able to send any video pic or audio nor i be able to download any video pic or audio . plz fix my problem .
i'm enjoy create moment in this stuft .
secret chat bt can't be find in online .
can't download wechat .
very good app .
server failure pls fix the bug in your app and network .
it's rely helpful for me such a great network .
like most .
very easy to use and very convenient . but some time very hard to find friend . i hope wechat can useful every where and any device and more easy to transfer data and picture .
my we chat be continously not respond .
i just update the latest version and i can't even open it .
i hate it .
i like this app bcoz its totaly different from other social app .
good apps to connect .
king of social apps .
i just love the wechat app .
great apps . the best of the best .
sir i need to delete my account please tell me how to do it . its because i enter the wrong id and i want to change but cant change the id so i need to delete it . can you tell me how to delete my account . thank you .
please insert the notification feature for moment when user's friend like or comment his moment update .
just love this app few feature like whats app expect .
really time pass .
an excellent application .
i want the game back .
very enjoy with wechat .
its very gud .
so good to know be peopel .
nice application .
very good .
it say my we chat have be log in different device every time i get on it . so let me know wat it be . i change my password also but still the same . if i'm hack let me know .
i want to delete a many moment in one time please update a wechat please .
love it , love it , love it .
good app easier to connect n use .
suck but good .
love it .
very beautiful .
it's not show new message when i didn't open app , until open app just will show the latest message . please fix it .
wechat be very helpful site for create new friend from my nearby . so , i enjoy it .
very good .
i hate his app these people promise n nevr give the same these r jerk nothing more uninstalling never install this .
i cant change the cover photo .
only if it can show when someone be online or get the message other than that its a cool app .
love it .
no notification receive until i open the moment .
either can't connect to server or it log out itself everyday , really disappoint .
love it .
good application more friend find .
love it .
very good app .
excellent application .
whenever i change my device the conversation i create go off . it's annoy .
not able to download nd login .
excellent program .
i cant download this app .
nice app .
i love this application . i usually use it than facebook or whatsupp . i love it .
very good .
love it really .
how to remove my account .
please tell me how to delete wechat account .
great app . it be more than just communicate people . life get more and more .
sync it and fix it i dont want to unistall for the fifth time understand ugh .
cant make custom sticker one . fix it .
can't download the photo share by my friend . can i know what's the problem .
just watsap survive here .
but some time it become some error and this make me madness .
its nice app for friendship from near by place .
5 star i give for wechat .
many people have a wechat in their phone .
its be knee .
fun , close to everyone .
nice app .
why i can't unlink my phone number in my old account cos i want to link in my new account . pls give me a fee back .
use with fun .
i want to be in these .
like it .
i'm not thai , and it keep send me thai message and give thai sticker . please give me option to choose language . fix it then i will give it a five star .
nice one .
knnot download .
love it .
i would like to suggest something where we'll be able to save sight to gallery and be able to upload video from gallery to moment , video that up to 1 minute be fine enough . oh and i would like to inform you some issue that i've experience , some favorited picture can't be load . it stucks in 99 even though my internet connection be perfectly fine . please fix it . ps i love this app so much , so please kindly grant my wish . thank you .
like it .
i like it . let's wechat the world .
quite good app .
love it .
nice community sosial .
how to delete my wechat account . please help me .
i can't receive the notification the message that receive will be delay for almost two hour . other apps run as usual . bt except wechat .
i love we chat but the only lag be i can't send audio file please avail the facility in future update , thank in advance .
love it .
very good .
i've be download it for 5 time and it keep say that there be a error download 428 .
cant get my message back . uninstalled the oldversion and get the new version . all message be go .
it can be better .
very hard to change delete account , tq .
i like this app but people can't see my face because it's too dark .
i'm not get through to my girlfriend every time i do a video call voice call to her .
not good .
lucky we're in love in every way lucky to have stay where we have stay . lucky to be come home someday .
i like use wechat . thank to wechat .
the best chat room .
its good .
i download the app and try to sign up but it keep say number invalid so i didn't get to evej use the app . i check the number multiable time it wasn't wrong .
not bad .
i enjoy to use this apps .
i cant seem to change my profile picture .
i love this app .
why my account suddenly be ban .
just great .
cant connect a voice video call . it always show connect but it do not connect . and i hope you could put sonething that will show if a certain person in your contact be online .
slow down sometimes .
you can not install .
good app .
it be good .
best . good . cool . and . more .
hello . my id cant add n also people cant find me on people nearby . what to do .
i download it for the first time ever and when i try sign up for an account it say the number be already connect to another account which by the way be not mine please help me already .
it be good .
very good .
so good .
i like it .
i can't save photo to the phone .
also update .
great app .
always say like this your current wechat version may be compromise . for your security , we advise you do not log in to wechat via non official version . if you continue to do so , you may be at the risk of be block . me already update .
i like .
excellent program .
love it .
feel good with wechat .
its an absolute social network site . thank you wechat .
very good software . amaze . really i love it .
whenever i shake my cell phone it's say not find please try again . help me because if i can't use shake then we chat be of no use .
love it .
like very much .
it's good .
love it .
i like it .
very beautiful .
keep get notification say unfortunately wechat have stop . i have important message to access , and would appreciate this get resolve quickly .
why my chat record all lose after i log in again .
jamil program .
wht the fxck error 24 bulshit .
its great because its worldwide .
can't share status if i don't want to share a photo . what a poor apps .
very sweet .
please come up with wechat theme .
good program .
i love it .
it be great in video voice call .
but sometimes video call be delay the voice . so fix it . oki .
prominent vray .
good for away friend .
very good app , thank you .
very good .
im not notify on time for the newer msg and please add a feature to check . whether the client have see . the msg or not .
video call very good great sticker .
chat be awesome .
i enjoy chat with friend use this app especially my chinese friend .
a useful program .
i like .
good it be nice .
connection become poor and suck and i often get error 1 , 1 . dont know wat this mean .
love it .
there be so many fake people .
satisfy so far . thank to the team .
older version be better with auto notification . new be not even when set to auto .
love it .
now word .
lenovo a60 .
still can't install . url . cn xnpl doesnt help . any other option i really enjoy wechat .
the app be very poor interms of make video call nd walkie talkie call , please fix this bul shit .
i love wechat .
splendor program .
nice aplication easy to connect .
it doesn't receive message on time after few hour only receive text please fix it asap .
it be good .
i'v bn triyin to use stikers in my chat but i seem not to find their option to use them plz hlp .
why i'll cant download this app it's say you have no storage . please reply .
i like this .
i can't open it even after i have reinstall it for a few time .
how be you nice profile you have get , my name be robert , your profile be appeal and you look gorgeous , please do take a look at mine and if anything interest you , kindly write back to enable me share more with you . robert .
very good .
very good .
i love this apps .
so good .
great to use .
not bad .
not bad .
i like this .
i like it .
i have issue about i can't search people near by . although i uninstall n install . same problem .
love it work perfectly .
why i always get the notice that the wechat be not respond . always .
someone use my email adress on the web please catch that person i know who it be .
very good .
its work before properly but now a day not good .
like it .
the best app ever . but sometimes it crush . please fix it .
very tight .
love it .
very good .
easy to use .
it be so good when i use voice call .
love it .
cant down load pls dont show these app why you break my heart .
its good .
very good .
it always . crash every time i login . i will give 5 star if you fix it .
love this apps .
nice apps .
nyc app .
not bad .
i have be use wechat for at least 3 year and it have undergo a lot of update and improvement to keep improve the app . the app run smooth on my gs4 without any lag what so ever . all the feature be totally usefull and i really like the sight feature as it be fast and buttery smooth . 5 star from me .
i'm get the verification code but it keep say the verification code be wrong .
it be good .
its very useful in video n voice call .
we can deliver all of may message to my friend , family and any people around me ,
nice app .
jice network site v h .
i enjoy it if wechat can beat facebook , i will feel very happy .
very good .
very good .
good idea .
great app .
i want to delete all my moment by just press 1 button but it need to delete one by one . can you make it more easy to delete all moment at one time .
it be not really fast .
every time i download we chat i t always tell me shit .
it be very fun .
good i love we chat .
i like .
do wechat actually care about the opinion and violation report if not , just get this function remove , it seem useless no response about the report but keep send annoy advertisement .
i love we chat .
the best .
long before .
love it , very fast .
sweet program .
i enjoy use this app 5 star for it .
great apps .
to be very honest , wechat be not the best app i ever have . why its all because of the space take by wechat . the app be too big and since my phone be lack of space , its very inconvenient . i hope wechat group will fix this thing .
this be best app .
very beautiful .
good apps .
why cannot install .
great good application . i like this because privacy .
i like it .
everyone should install this app .
please with this app . great and free .
son of iraq .
it's a horrible app and a waste of time .
there be .
good apps .
magnificence program .
i like wechat .
i have be use this app for long time but since last day can't find any user when press people near by , give note that no user use this app near by and try again later how can i fix this .
part of my social life .
great apps .
nice app .
perfect for anonymous chat .
very good .
good apps .
i can wechat in hell . unbelievable .
love it .
very cool program .
install it if you want the chinese government to watch over your shoulder through the back door in this app .
troublesome when i shake direct get a chinese person . why .
i can call anyone .
i like this app becos be very time pass of my time .
nyc chat software .
i be well use and chinese friend .
wechat log out by itself and nw i can't even sign in . please fix this asap .
actually i love this app can make video call , voice call , voice memo , image and as i share my photo and give others like this net incre .
okay . i like .
leave intake satit with me .
keep up .
why even call me the 6 . 1 update it you can not update the ah .
thumb up .
good program bs waco people enter not know who defer statement phone enter worth more than 5 star .
i like .
very beautiful .
but why it will be automatically delete . moreover , there be a black page have be stick to the open card please fix .
frankly online reveal bs show helou .
good apps .
the video call can let we and another friend metting about some thing .
passable lh .
cool app .
very nice and clear if we already in the cam this be excellent application to be download .
nice app .
wechat always log out by itself without inform or anything and need me to log in again everytime when i need to use it . i wouldnt know if anyone have emergency stuff to find me through wechat . i'm an active user for wechat , and log in everytime when i need to use it be not convenient . please fix it asap .
very cool .
excellent app .
i like .
very good .
good so many bonus and reward .
wechat be the best .
very good .
enjoy with weechat .
nice apps .
work well .
unfortunately , wechat have stop .
good app but i really want we know we friend online or not . my suggest add online and ofline .
we chat .
not bad .
it can make me more private such as like my moment . it's also easier to contact with my friend , parent and also my teacher .
a good practice .
love it .
very good .
lot of chinese people .
very good .
very useful .
but sometimes it stick .
just awesome .
great app , but it freeze during a video call . and it's a delay . please fix this problem .
quite well .
when load picture , open people profile the apps keep not respond . please fix it asap .
i recommend .
work great on my s4 but doesn't work at all on my samsung s6 edge .
very good .
sad to say . this be useless apps . i can't message others . the so call moment take forever to load .
it's good .
very nice .
i like .
very cool .
can't send message , just display spin icon to leave . only fix itself after reinstallation , and issue pop up again after a few day .
bad don't install .
vdo call feature be good . stickrs . privacy . shake . people nearby . all d feature be awsum .
very good .
the voice call and the video call i cant make it .
excellent program .
do what it should .
excellent application .
the apps keep search for friend for long time . , and no privacy .
its awsome .
i love it .
very useful .
sweet kalash .
problem in download wechat app so guide us .
since update people nearby feature can not be use . check your connection again and again everytime i try it . pls fix . back to 5stars until it fix .
great app highly recommend .
but same time not sake why .
nce app .
its good to use it .
keep appear on my fon . be it by force dat i should install d app .
i love it .
i hope i won't have poor sound problem anymore with the new update wechat app .
love it .
i have install wechat two time . but still no there . why .
but the font size on my samsung tab can't be increase even the largest size font be choose .
i hope the picture i add up it can put more it and unlimit size picture . tq .
very good .
its of no use , try to install 3 time but its waste of time and data .
a great program .
i like to communicate with different people around the world so as to share education and culture .
a wonderful application .
work good .
i love it .
like it .
every time i log in my moment , the app hang and in few second , the msg not respond come . feel frustrate . please fix this issue . tanx .
why always automatic logout other people want find me , but i do not know they find me . when open wechat , it need me write the password to open it . this problem be always happen and it be very troublesome , hope quickly repair .
i love it its useful wanderful app no any kind of hide charge it be absolutely free for audio and video call .
i didnt know wat to do when i hear an accident but we chat save me .
hate it . why try download first .
there be .
good apple .
not helpful . its still be like before . i have not receive any notification . i hope wechat team can update this wechat application asap . always bug .
like it .
it's outta this world .
thank you .
love the add function in the app .
its good but the problem be that when i make a video call it be slow .
it log me off and i can't login back . it just show log in for 2 hour and i still cannot log in .
nice to find new frens and video call be easy .
great app .
the moment cannot be refresh despite the fact that i have just upgrade it a moment before . stupid .
pls fix . notification . cannot receive any message . and sometimes will delay . bore with it .
5 support author .
t . see to preemptively .
i like it .
ra t thich .
baik2 best .
but why it will be automatically delete . moreover , there have be black on the back of the card to open the card please fix .
video call .
i syg kmu .
okay everything about this sort of communication equipment . the enemy here . wechat .
recent always receive only every other day of rest . rotten .
a very good salary .
i like .
good job .
pope i lh .
i find beautiful .
please make it possible to delete account and even modify account name .
eviar and receive .
but . sight be so short . can you make it more longer .
best on .
like it .
i like it .
can be better than the facebook app store . i love wechatt more than facebook page .
cnt be install . im really hate this apps .
it be nice apps .
i instal this version and the location service be not work . always i get location service be not work , but its enable for wechat .
awesome app .
every boy say i be sexy and hate it when they say that .
nice app .
we chat now be better than earlier version . but plenty of room to improve .
yeay its cool hehe .
it be useful as well as its work good but sometime its hang up .
like it .
i love it as i can communicate with my friend and family .
love it .
so good .
love this multi talented app for keep in contact with people near far . bring back the exit option for those of us who don't have data plan would be a good idea , though .
all my friend on the wechat . have to use it . but it's easy to use .
i give 5 if u add some privacy . i mean , i have some problem that someone use my picture also name . so , u need to add a report id so i can report to wechat that some one try to be me .
very like .
like it .
great app .
love it .
sweet and wonderful program .
good app .
love it .
great app , lot of fun mek m to mit new pple .
there be .
every time i search people around me , it ask to enable gps navigation other thing . even everything be enable its ask and also it stop search people nearby . before i be work but now unable to use this feature . please help .
easy to use , convenient .
it be good .
kalash sweet .
love it all the way .
hat it .
very good .
people nearby option not work .
best chat app ever . love the group chat function too . one change would be , would like to be able to post in the moment without have to post a photo .
how be you .
its gud but call nt support .
hahahaha . i can chat with my friend .
i love that .
a good app it work though , it crash once . but , no biggie . it's still good .
i try to log in my wechat but its give error , it say wechat s stop . cant use and i cant open app and i report twice nothing change and nobody respond .
where be the people nearby option that be the best thing of this app . but now where be it .
love it so much .
download be very slow can speed faster .
feel great while contact with my friend .
i love it . tabo hian do anggo app on .
like it bcoz give chance to know new friend .
my friend text or message me , my wechat will delay so long time only receive the message , sometime after few hour only receive my friend message . i reinstall my wechat so many time , the notification problem still there . wad happen or my lg g3 get problem my network no problem . my whatsapp no problem too . can explain .
very good .
keep up .
love this apps much2 . i can call video call n its a good apps .
very good .
beautiful and fun .
thank you .
very good .
efficient and easy to use .
good app . do what it say . only problem that should be fix be that it doesnt get location from wifi in office and you have to be outdoors to receive sattelite reception . maybe allow it to receive location from wifi or google . good work keep it up .
very nice program .
thank you for a clear video of this app that can connect clearly anywhere you be . me and my boyfriend clearly connect with each other .
do some improvement plz .
i love this n tks to this app maker .
its good .
thnks wechat vidios call .
baghdad , iraq .
i cant see some of the picture in my moment . my internet speed be pretty fast but it seem that some picture cant load .
wechat be the best .
it be a very good to people .
sweet program .
gear up .
very good .
i could connect with my friend n share picture .
i love it .
good apps .
like other .
lite but powerful , state of art messenger app .
very honestly work do i really appreciate it .
this app be best for call .
though have wechat be a fun experience but lately i have encounter numerous problem . relate with wechat apps on my android . some of image post by my friend seem to be unable to load into my moment .
very good .
like it .
highly recommend .
luv to chat n its most useful to contact my frenz . i luv it to use . make new frenz n gtg my lose contact frm it . wow its amaze to use .
very good .
rate 5 and hi 5 to all .
good we chat .
best application .
like it .
that's nice .
i love wechat . the sticker be cute . allthe fiture work best . hope wechat provide theme selection like line that can make our wexhat cuter .
like it .
really good .
excellent then usefully for me .
gear up .
the best .
my fianc live in china and i'm in the us , we talk everyday , use the video and voice call often . work better on wifi obviously since it work off of data , don't have many problem with the texting though , even travel around town . for what i need it for it work well .
i cant log in when i get every thang be right .
if i try to send a video on a chat , wechat crash and the video not send , try the reload icon but nothing change .
cant log in . what happen .
it be good .
very good .
a very useful apps and it make communication even better .
easy to use i love it .
i like .
very like .
love it .
we chat .
y i cannot find people nearby from my fon . my friend all get y my account fun hv .
love this .
we chat .
i like this app . but why it always auto logout .
love it .
after a certain period of aliniyor error result find thousand of kilometer away and break down look wechat 100 mt .
be a good character .
great congratulation .
very good dental trial .
because i shake not work little miss me to pull my cel and still do not shake . it can be i have a lg g3 stylus .
love it .
he be more than wonderful .
a lot .
10eu draw .
thank for your update newest version fix video and call force close issue on android 4 . 4 .
help chat with family while visit china .
muito bom great the best do not fail .
the good buddy for more mulan fellow man .
like it love it .
lancar steady dah .
minih keteer bs in his job do you know how alum of the girl .
a good app .
it's ok . i want to put password on my account but i don't think its possible . its mean that anyone can see or read my message not good for me . please upgrade the app .
we love the pen q not to send the super full music and mto good .
no good app doesn't show online .
cool create add friend .
so good .
i like to read the news .
i can't send or get any message and now i can't log in my account . please fix this .
pls fix bugz .
be a mix of whatsapp and facebook . plus phone and video call . all u need to stay in touch .
ok lam .
very cool . qer a cookie .
i do not like at all .
after download i hit shanghai and password but have be write sign . i wait for 30 minute as well . please change .
an amaze app .
so superior .
juliana freire .
it start out great , but now its a gather of muslim people . dont get me wrong , i have muslim friend . but i cant read or understand it .
i like it .
be not work on video call .
be there any option to disable shake option in m we chat account .
sweet kalash .
make life so much easier because i be start to hate texting . voice be always better , plus if you're a hard core driver this be the app for you .
best in the world .
i can't login my acc anymore . why u block my phone number . f ck wechat . what the h ll offical account u want it be my only one account and the official . my number already register to my acc but why it won't login block my acc i don't understand .
wechat always good .
love it .
when i try to log in , it suddenly return to main menu . i can't log in my account , please fix it and i will give you 5 star .
very good app .
could be better .
i dont know what happend , now no video call when i make video call not complete . please replay , thx .
i have a strong home wifi connection . i cant recieve or send messeges its say server failure 26 08 i dont know the right number be but it have number show .
superb but lot of fake lds try to make any action .
why will not receive and can't send out the massage . i uninstall and download again many time , but the situation be still same .
great app i use it to stay in touch with family overseas .
new nyoba .
keep appear on my fon . be it by force dat i should install d app .
people around me option miss and bottle option too .
can't receive message until i open again this app in lg g3 .
i like this app .
still can't intall . unknown error code during application install . it say code 24 . come on , . what be that suppose to mean .
why couldn't wechat can 4 6 people video call if can this will make more fun .
clean and clear .
good social but its to heavy .
i like .
i love it .
love it .
good simple and easy .
i love this app .
like it .
i realy love to use u . i love it .
very cool program .
sometimes it not support n cant stalk the moment .
the best app ever .
it be good .
i like it .
so good .
very good .
thumb up .
the best application .
bug , lag . what happen .
love it .
like it .
you can upgrade to be able to see that person there get online or not .
hello my name be allam bushra osman im from sudan i like this application .
only issue sometimes have to install again other than that i love it .
pretty good .
very good .
i like wechat .
nice feature . but only thing be . i can't find near me rather it give like mile ago .
the notification always delay sometime for day even lately the msg not even receive until open the apps even thou connect to the internet please fix it .
i love it .
after update , why can't see the sticker , video , image , and hear the audio now , can't send out message again why .
like it .
very good .
i like .
application can not be instl bcz he show eror in default location .
somehow i cant verify my id use mobile number . i cant login into my account and i get block for no reason . can you help me with that .
great app .
very useful .
have a nice application .
no . this app be like abcdefgh . slow .
nyc to b see globally .
great app .
but why every time i out from wechat and when i open it , it restart .
it's good .
best strategy l ever play . congratulation to developer .
i just uninstalled and reinstall yesterday but i cannot use it now already what a terrible apps .
i want download this app .
tis app be very useful .
there be .
can't do without it .
jamil program .
wechat be wonderfully ammazing app for ever .
love it .
i like it .
good . if can share a video like facebook at the moment .
nice app .
great app social and now be my favorite app to chat . but please make this app more smoothly and faster like 5 . 2 version .
just great .
i don't like it .
nice app .
very cool .
i love wechat .
cant even download .
how do i get to use 2 number on my phone . do i need to log in and out every time i send or receive message .
there's a lot of man .
i like it .
i love it .
enjoy with earn .
i like we chat .
good morning .
wechat help me find bnyak friend .
shock giler .
very bad aaps . voice be not claer .
just like it .
i want a love relationship without serious lie and deceive the girl tender and sexual honest and i be a young man serious and sincere love and sex please plainly what i wish my father continue .
it's okay .
splendor vdalbsamh matchetgl leach .
notification and incoming message issue .
program jadda sweet and wonderful and aaravk on to friend .
luv it .
like very much .
wilyn dalit 363 gmail . com .
awesome app .
it take so long just for download it . ugh stres wait .
it nice .
jane's friend .
very beautiful .
woh fuck .
too many time wake up my phone .
why my circle of friend will always come out to see sometimes and sometimes you do not see be all of a sudden come out to see .
please write .
chat freely .
good fun .
algir the .
good again .
sound volume voice system sound do not know why more and more after the update quietly , sometimes unable to time will produce the message be send .
good jobe .
sometime this be suckk .
halowoowoltoasl with alasedka like .
sweet lahlou .
it help me to share something only with my close friend .
i can share the great news with my friend and family .
its so good .
my friend text or message me , my wechat will delay so long time only receive the message , sometime after few hour only receive my friend message . i reinstall my wechat so many time , the notification problem still there . wad happen .
hello friend i invite you install wechat on mobile .
i can't install it back . it say 24 . what its mean actually .
very nice .
very good .
sometimes will just jam when press voice talk .
cant see any post from subscription account .
pretty good .
slowly open .
it be get very hard tp live without wechat .
5 star .
good one .
thumb up .
i love .
its good application but it have some loop hole too . the distance show be not correct .
everytime i try to open app , error message say it cannot be open . stupid app .
i like it .
cannot upload image for share my moment and hear voice message . feed up with it .
i like this app its awesome app .
frustrate call why would i use webtexting if i text on my phone come through but there's nothing happen on the other end of the line . and email verification be not available in my area bo .
way cool .
a very useful tool to keep in touch with everyone .
approve , pls fix the send msg coz its bug .
good apps .
love it .
i like it .
wechat the best .
this be so good .
i can't connect with my fb account .
so lovely and sweet .
love it .
keep me connect when my girl be far away .
it be good .
go so much sticker that really can tell what i really want to tell , and really cute .
i love it .
i like it .
unable to send message since 3 day . please fix the issue .
i like we chat .
very nice cheat .
install the app through google store and website everytime launch the wechat , the phone just could not open this version . unfortunately , wechat have stop .
great app .
there be some problem when i can't send my message to my friend . it just keep send and never end .
we chat be a great and fun way for me and my co worker to connect and keep in touch . it's a little finicky at time but it work and be a nice alternative to some other message service out there .
very good .
definitely better than what's app . more advance feature too . but only one problem that i cannot login my account on update version , please fix .
plizz fix the wechat . bcoz i cant install the apps . pliz .
no notification even all notification be turn on .
the best chat to me .
great app . keep up the good work .
nice app if you have no work . fully free .
very good .
now i can do what ever in my special aome one .
love it much .
so great .
cool app .
great app .
it keep say unfortunately this app have stop please update app thank u .
first time , i don't knw how i handle it .
very good .
it be a bite difficult to use .
there be .
easy to contact with other freinds .
there be no find bottle anymore .
baghdad , iraq .
why the shake feature be not work pls fix it .
its good .
love it .
since instal 6 . 1 , wechat now become the top battery drain app on my nexus 5 . i have to permanently turn off notification to save battery . fix it .
i love it .
very beautiful .
its ok but a little complicate not realy worth download .
very good .
very cool .
ilike it .
i like .
nice app .
so good .
about get shake its show random indian user in 3 g network n nothing o anything on 2 g network its boaring now .
i m not get any near by people's .
love the offer and call quality .
i m not receivig any messeges from drft bottol . why .
love this .
i first time use this one .
thank again for .
what be this i couldn't even get start .
i like it very much .
unable to locate my location . cannot search people nearby .
message r not deliver . i think i hv only this prblm .
the audio be soo poor we cannot hear and always hang up even the enternet be in good signal .
long before .
this app not have the 1829 for republican dominican .
awesome app .
i like .
we chat be a good application .
improve your app bcoz we can't see last see of msg or msg read or not .
magnificence program .
excellent and be the best ever .
the best social network .
wechat be one community be good .
very good .
lovelly site .
i can't log in my account .
good but d .
god analk of wee chat last time i carry this program every time the same subject .
if you can open a micro letter to see different image like i do not just want a place to chat in different picture , hope to change what .
hloowo fun .
i love it .
very poor .
i use that . i like it to with my fnf .
i love wechat .
beautiful ruah .
i cant use voice msg in my wechat . i use mi 3 .
ng body away . but miss since make his wetchat because it support more than double his memory saw his body . ng to five star be too little for his thought hihi .
rouah network and date .
we chat .
this app good .
very worst . always cant send msg smooth wait for whole day stil same situation . i uninstall n install again . and then problem again .
can't log in .
i love it .
not only communicate some more can moment share , good .
i can share even a short video by wechat sight . thank .
too many bug .
i can't relog in into wechat . why .
love this app .
work great in china . good sound quality .
very good .
there be .
so great to meet a new friend .
waist of time and the most f k thing be that we can't delete own account .
work great .
bore account .
i'm give this app 2 star because it doesn't work on moto 360 . its always stick on welcome to wechat wear screen and can't go any further . please fix this as i would like to fully utilize my android wear , thank .
i love this application .
there's always room for improvement .
it's a good app .
if i use video call they cant see me but i see them plss fix this and help me i need this i give u 5 star now .
nice app . but the ui be outdated .
very good .
chat with friend and call free .
plz update the function by which we can see the person be online and type just like whats app .
the notification .
i like it .
my account have log out by it self and i cant log in again becouse my phone numberis block .
it be good .
good app .
if you be foreigner live in china , you have no way to register your chinese salary and or credit card since application want a chinese id number and don't give any other walk around . otherwise it's very good app .
nice app .
baghdad , iraq .
not bad .
good quality of sound and video call . appreciate to wechat .
i can chat with my friend and other .
nice app .
i like it .
pretty good .
so far i enjoy use this app .
nyc app .
because of it's have no child lock .
must use .
instalation 80 wow , can't wait for whole day .
show us who be online .
it's keep can't receive my friend message even though my friend already send me message please fix it asap .
it be good .
love it .
video call good .
so sick about this version cause i cant relog to my wechat . when its ask me to verify . i cant verify my wechat id . and its also show that my number not available . but before this i just log in use my number . why this happen . sick of this problem .
do not like .
why some record voice cannot be hear especially 1sec .
really good .
unexpected crash .
wechat best .
sometime this app give me problem .
i recommend it .
cool app .
awesome chat in wechat .
what the hell be this . my friend automatically get unfriend and i coul not get them back and yes they do not block me nor unfriend me its all your fault fix it .
i love that game .
nothing to say more because it too good .
the best .
i like .
but bore with same ui , visual and icon .
love it .
i mostly use it for video call .
sweet program .
content more function than other application . fun with walkie talkie , unlimited emoticon .
good enough .
i like it .
after update to the new version , i have difficulty to open my moment . it can't be open at all . this what will pop up when i try to enter my moment no memory card . profile photo , image , audio , video , album and moment feature be not available now . i have memory card . so what be the actual problem pls fix it asap . i'm an active user so i find this thing be so annoy . thank .
wow super sound quality but need to improve add contact facility use fb .
love it .
y have u remove people nearby . option . pls start it again .
please fix . i cant verify my account in this new version of wechat .
it help me to contact with someone .
it be good .
i not really o .
only work on wifi .
i really enjoy this app .
i like this .
thank you .
very comfortably .
easy to contact . others .
i love we chat .
i cant send greet to other people . it say unable to send greet .
do not notify even if there be new message .
cool and hot .
wechat be the chat that i have use most often now and i have move away from whatsapp because of how great wechat be . however , for android wear , the smartwatch reply method be only via voice , and unlike whatsapp where what be dictate by the voice can be translate to text .
great app .
it good .
i be very satisfy with wechat .
which i can remove some unwanted post from my favourite because now it have not remove . so plz take it up .
i like this because the application be awesome .
we love it .
i love it .
when i add my own photo to make them as sticker , they become small unlike with ios .
love it .
we chat .
ok bgt .
why my wechat automaticaly uninstalled .
moment didnt appear and it always automatically log out . when i try to relog in , it please wait too long . ergh please fix it .
very good .
wonderful , wonderful .
very good application .
ok lah .
very much useful , wonderful experience .
very good .
very useful .
this be marvelous .
very beautiful .
it be good .
it work great n have lot of fun just find new frens n chat away .
love it .
ever since last update . never receive any msg unless i open the app .
it's give me my need , that's why i like it .
video call be not clear please fix this problem as skype .
hello , i get only chinnese people in shake for a long time , i don't know what problem id .
so far so good .
good app .
very good .
this app be so good .
hope they add feature which you will see recipient read your message .
this be my all family member use we chat .
will change it later . still try it .
wechat be an amaze social connection .
very good .
sometime nsg late to come the inbox . sometimes . close the wechat look the facebook . than open back the wechat . no msg . wait another second . msg come late . why .
like this .
so far so good .
i just change phone from htc to galaxy s3 . use to be work fine with htc , but in galaxy s3 , i can not see any picture in moment .
all in one app . cool .
great message app .
i download this app just to communicate with a beautiful chinese girl .
my main chat tool for business .
very good .
very like .
pretty good .
very good application .
very good .
very good .
the best program .
this app actually work good job .
i have a error 24 after try to reinstall it and i still can't find the com . tencent . mm file after search my file .
love it .
use simple .
nice application .
keep calm and wechat .
there be no find bottle anymore .
me gusto .
i can't login to my account after i logout . keep say load but nothing happen i still can't login . pls fix it . tq .
now i can not only chat with my new friend's also meet them personally .
i love this app .
good job .
good , but sometime she lag and i try to search a new id she talk search error why .
i love .
can not find people overseas use shake . send wechat feedback many time and they dont respond .
i like .
clear sound and good video quality keep it up .
i don't know what be the problem with this new version sometimes message can not send for 2 or 3 day after log out i be not able to log it there be a big problem face please fix it asap .
very good .
very good application thank .
i cant install wechat . please fix bug .
i love it .
it be good .
thank for the app . very nice .
ah r .
it help a lot specially in find someone near by me .
god curse you .
i love this .
i love it .
okay i really enjoy it .
very good .
this app be so usefull .
really good to use .
love it .
good one .
lv it .
great job . improve more .
you can post up to 9 picture video call be clear in app translation which make it great for chat with people all over the world . d .
very good .
it's such a good for me have wechat because easy to call and easy to use .
it won't receive or send any message and won't refresh the moment . i have to remove it and install it . please fix this for user . thank a lot and thank for make great app .
oh my goh . why can not open .
i think its awesome . i don't have a problem with it , that's only until i try it .
the moment won't refresh despite many restart . app keep crash for no reason . terrible .
love it .
i have to reinstall it after a week because it remove friend automatically and then it have no option to add friend again .
very beautiful .
jamil program .
love it .
very good .
very good .
i couldn't open the balance page at all .
what happen sometimes not work no open .
one of the better apps but wish the push function be already set .
before wechat be so good . but now very bad .
a great program .
it's too good . only care of make friend .
very good .
would be great if there's a time stamp show next to each message .
lot of fun and easy to do .
we chat .
like it .
now i cannot download the new version .
so nice .
very beautiful .
live wechat life awesome .
very good .
why suddenly blockin my profile .
it can be better .
broadcast goto status anywhere .
very useful toy .
very good .
good idea .
y iz it takn so lng 2 download its lyk u downloadn a hand make book hai fix dis sht plz b4 i go on strick . if its gns take life year to start download then let me guess it will take eternety for it to dowload .
nothing to say . cus it's perfect .
very good .
saer program because of the junk anu program come out automatically cancel and necessary installation and refer prove and become hlhalh daily matalaat delirious rjaoa shufu solution to the program .
i like it .
just need improvement in the translation , but anyway it be really good .
this application make bnyk pny friend .
to enter it come out automatically please address .
a great program and deserve 5 star .
drink more .
why do micro channel will automatically exit , always log in several time a day how to engage in , the more the more rotten update .
my id be chachifaith .
sweet and wonderful .
cant log in z .
thank developer all super talk to friend just class .
a bad word .
why i can not log micro letter , hurry to me know that my account have be in place do not log in , then quickly close my id me know why this be so .
very good app wonderfull .
please put option to cancel friend request if we dont want the person to know our request . bad option .
very innovative .
good app .
just love it . simple and easy to use .
anho well jayden .
sweet program would advise download .
oh yeah .
great program .
very good .
sweet bs problem in men .
each maathbth shaw proof of work .
excellent like .
i have a problem with young people to get out in to him automatically possible solution aachaabab .
very cool program of the best program i have .
ke penalty be not space on my phone .
take a look .
it misuse my airtime .
rjan one bakm akola lech enter the program from him and we have to wipe it out and go down a second time and god milliyet of delirious case .
dapet his yadong all . the first chat bilangnya you love sex . nyebeli gk anyway .
wechat be one the best apps . wow thank for the apps . love it so much .
we chat .
r anguish .
nicer than i imagine .
lately fail or do call and garner k nt .
communication and friend discussion .
coke jump .
i meet new n great people coz of wc . thx n keep up the good work .
good use .
message unable to go , not receive , bad .
physician from the program aiti out henw reason please .
try aja .
everything be alright . just try to make a new update that can send song .
break hearted .
great app .
program beautiful kloh .
love it .
magnificence program .
like really cool .
i like this app because i have a lot of new friend .
very often freeze .
soon pai .
this be an excellent program date .
in a few hour my wechat ok . but in a few hour he cannot in to wechat n i uninstall wechat . so i install back but that problem still hapen . this wechat version so slow n i cannot play wechat in all my life n chat with my friend .
it keep tell me can not be instal in the default install location .
together wonderful lbih .
gd app .
damn . cant login . always fail verify . damn .
for the same abane .
i have to uninstall and reinstall the app bec . i'm not receive notif . it's a big hassle . plwase fix it asap .
very good .
very like .
there be .
good use .
this app mke me fall in love . h3he . its connect me with old fren even they be far from my place .
its very good app for new genus .
very good .
its great to touch wit own people's .
i like it .
whenever i try this it always show me chinese user and not even the user who be around me .
its a cool app but have some technical issue while find friend .
me gusto .
video chat .
this be a great app but i only give it three star . i think you should implement a download for the conversation . i know you can backup and restore from your account but be there a way to download the conversation onto your phone itself so that we could have save it .
very good .
love it .
hi , im have problem to use search function . cant use wechat id phone when use search error . now the issue i cant add new contact either use thier id or phone number . others function work . im use 6 . 1 version .
i love the favourite feature . i just hope my privacy of favorite list be safe with me .
love it .
very good application .
this be a great application , but here be an issue . i use sony xperia t2 ultra dual , and i be not able use people nearby function . even when my location service be on , still it say unable to load location data . i have use this feature before at this location and in this same phone , but i don't know what come up now . fix this as soon as possible . thanx .
great apps .
i love that .
very good .
very good indeed .
unknown error code during application install . come on , . what be that suppose to mean .
luv it .
cool app .
nice one .
amaze app .
knnot log .
very beautiful .
there be .
great app .
very good .
we chat .
there be .
just another chat app .
cant recover my ban wechat id .
great way to contact .
i love this app so much . it make me find more friend aroud the world . recommend .
when i call my friend i can hear them but they cant hear me its the same with facechat i facechat my friend i can see them they can see me but i can hear them but they cant hear me this app need fix z .
very good .
great love it .
this new version of wechat be get worse , i always get message notification slower than before , please fix it .
why i can't shake my phone .
like most .
i have change my phone and now i m unable to sign in and get my account back .
very good .
i cannot open my wechat acc , my number be not avaible my acc have be close plz help me .
good app .
i can't use we chat scan any qr code .
love it .
well do .
great apps .
connect with other people .
i love it .
good program .
i love it .
when i download this app . i can get my gf . i want to give this app 5 star . , thank you very much 3 .
it be good .
automatically log out .
i have a problem , i cant post a song in moment but all my friend can do that .
im use note2 . wechat would notify me about update to 6 . 1 . but each time i click update . it will go to play store but there isnt any button to update just an open button exist beside uninstall button . pls advise me . n i also already submit my issue to the url give but no answer or solution till now . may i know how long do it take for wechat team to resolve my issue .
nice one .
try add some feature that can edit user moment . annoy for have a typo but cannot edit it back . btw . i rate for 5 star .
i like it .
i love wechat very much .
need to know who online and when last see .
people near me option not available on my cellphone in ur application . and thats the only thing which make me download this app . team please suggest something . or else i will have to uninstall . revert if want to .
i like .
nice chat app .
i like it the app very nice .
the best ever .
try beforetransfer .
beautiful wonderful .
the best ever chat .
beautiful and wonderful program .
its cool to use .
ppl can't search me in people nearby i can't send receive message in people nearby people nearby function can't work even for new wechat a c .
very useful and efficient app .
everytime i try to open app , error message say it cannot be open . stupid app .
yes wechat be awesome .
just instal it . hope its good .
different to facebook . much more private . compel .
the most reliable of them all apps ,
awesome . jp .
issue of notification . please fix it .
hi . ive be use this for a while and im have some front camera issue . its too dark and barely see anything when use the front camera . i think its a know issue for lg g2 . if anyone know here the fix , pls tell me .
very good .
there's no notification sometimes .
very good .
try many tie and never work or instal .
very good only free call give problem other than that a awesome app can recommend .
it keep say error . i can not log in .
i like it .
when open and then automatic close . why .
i can't download this application in my phone .
i love .
i like it .
i love it .
easy to communicate yourself with rest of the world .
it fuck when make a vdeo call .
i be use this software from last year .
please add broadcast more than 200 .
i cant send message in group chat , cant post in moment , etc . every morning it always happen , always resend why ,
very like .
it's really great and even better than whatsapp in some aspect . could use a little improvement like when i record a video from my device and send on whatsapp it's like 1 10 mb but on we chat it's 150 250 mb . how can i transfer such big video for some reason wechat do not reduce the size of video .
great app .
i like .
excellent very .
i like this social team .
fall in love with this app at first time i use it untik now xd .
nice app .
love it .
very good .
very good .
could be better .
people nearby seek out ppls easily .
can't receive incoming call and can't make out go call .
everytime i shake i get only chinese peopl . nd nt from my local or other country . its really anoying . i have search many option to solve like create new id or wait for a week without shake but fail still m get8ng same prob to . wechat disapointed me .
nice app .
very like .
very good .
it's say my phone be full memory dafuq .
this suck .
please change the notification its very slow .
more remarkable program .
tis be my 3rd time uninstall n reinstall again . wechat always will sudenly lose my some of sticker . and canot jst redownload the sticker . pls solve it . tq .
it's very fast .
can you please kindly add in the year information to the post on the moment it get so confuse when view the old post which year they be meanwhile , can we arrange the order of the customize emotion icon please thank .
love it .
i cannt find where be user be active include standby user and where be not active .
a wonderful application .
very good .
please fix , i cant use wechat anymore . have install it many time . please .
awesome call .
very beautiful .
i appreciate .
very good .
nice app .
nice app .
very good .
really i be disappoint by the way shake be work . it be fail to identify location and friend .
we chat .
wechat be the best apps .
this application be great .
very good .
why i dont get any notification from my friend at all . need to open wechat to know i have notification or not .
i download the app quite a few time in the last few month . but i donno y i do not see people nearby option underdiscover category . ain't that unfair to me . please suggest how i solve this problem .
i dont know y only chinese people with in 11 km everytime come during shake of phone .
very beautiful .
well tro .
love it .
very beautiful .
really awesome app .
i cant download it , it keep say error 24 . why be that it stop at 80 and start instal but it result with that error .
cant locate people nearby . fix this . get 5 star .
it could more better then this .
nice this apps .
good . and know whats ap be try to copy it .
very good .
someone be call me , say rude thing he try to face call me he seem nice at first . but then he be say rude thing . his name be abdu if he call you decline please . please ignore anything he say to you or if he call you and you answer you be in serious danger .
best apps .
very bad .
i able to view my friend album . but when view for older profile like until around 1 year ago , it's stick at load . how to fix it .
i dont know why but they just block me hate it .
like it .
best chat application ever experience .
very good .
lech bejrj .
easy to use it , play with it , a lot fun to share with . wonderful app create .
lenovo s930 love syafi iman .
nice app .
luv it .
it have a walkie talkie session , video call , voice call and animate sticker and much more . get it don't listen to all the other people have comment on this app anyway my point be that its really good .
work great . i have family all over the world . great app to keep in touch .
bore with same ui and icon . please improve or change it .
it's be force close a lot lately or not send my message . please fix .
very good .
great free app . good video quality .
i can call my friend w o have to worry about the credit .
also good .
i can't log in to my account even after i click forget password or log in via sms . i do not get any notification too . please fix it asap .
i wish can keep the photo quality .
like it .
need some improvement in message bubble . do something new team make it astonish .
very good .
it's lovely social apps .
i'm like wechat because i can chat with my old friend . good job tencent .
the size of the app be big and heavy . please fix asap .
but in video call no voice . with out voice video call . i hope fix this prablam soon because i wan wechat only in video call .
i have no problem with this app .
just get the s6 edge and instal it . just crash .
after few day use isnt reaponding this alwyas pop up .
please fix it from hang .
i have not get the notification . but ny friend already send it . pls fix it . it bug fix pls i want use it .
i love it .
it stop work on wifi .
good app .
very good app .
like it .
speed a bite slow when upload picture .
than for this .
like it .
very good .
this first time im use .
very nice .
verify my number asap .
i love the app but it crash sometimes .
good app .
best app ever .
its not work properly . when i shake my phone it always show no result find pls try again . please fix it soon then i'll give 5 star .
nyc app . promise reward .
it be good .
very thank you .
easy to connect with friend .
can it use when no signal or wifi .
easy to use and make social contact .
i wonder why wechat doesn't run regular update like other apps new feature must be add , like be able to deactivate delete our account . please add this feature , it's so need for our privacy . thank .
how to share song on wechat moment noteoneuser .
very good .
it say my email id be link with another account . but it be not . also . there be no option to delete myaccount in the app . i have be send lot of email to delete my wechat account to wechat and not even a single reply come so far pls see to it that reply to me and delete my account .
i like it .
so far so good .
i cant load any picture . cant upload profile pic also .
it cant be instol th app .
very good .
a must have .
i love this new version , good for everyone .
to me i feel be nice to use just the icon cannot save as many as before n no notification of counter part write and receivec indication . should improve .
nice app .
love it .
good app .
sweet program .
cant change photo or delete account , worst app i ever use .
i can save my creadit yeay .
people have problem with people nearby just get a fake location app work like a charm .
i can't login with my qq id .
i click on the app icon , nothing be happen . the notification be come very late or even sometimes not show anything .
i love that .
really love it .
fake reward . so unistalling .
kalash sweet magnificence .
nice application .
the best program .
it be a useful app .
it be good .
i cant unlink my account from phone number to email . keep tell me that the email i just create it have link to other account . try to link to ny other number also cannot . then what else u want for ur security .
nice app .
no problem with this app .
i cant install after finish download .
i love it but the game no work i hate it .
hard to use .
awesome it's faster than other apps if i chat with others .
the best .
good application .
it's a fun and useful .
fun . nice sticker ability share link pic and such . i love it be use many time in day . great job .
nice one .
it dosent download when i download it have be hamg .
pls fix .
love it .
its awesome i hope there will be chat head after this nae .
no response to the mail . even after send so mail .
nice connection .
search error hm i have add too many friend , and i want to search the people but it say , search error . hmm .
y wechat not download in my android htc one please help me .
why can't i download it when it reach 100 , it always stop and u have to restart again . ugh .
very good .
very nice .
very disappoint , very long wait to see the picture until force close . please fix this wechat .
i cant log in to this wechat .
no problem .
seriously awesome .
very good .
i want to install this application from my net book , why be it tell we chat will be instal start soon i have already this on my cellphone but i want this application to have this also in my netbook hope you can help me with this . thank u .
enjoy your experience with wechat .
its a lovely app .
so far so gd very useful apps .
i cannot install this application .
very good .
sso bore .
easy for me to connect voice or vedio call to my loveones .
very cool program .
i can't log in my own acc . why .
i cant log in my account . its happen when i want to type my password , it erase by it self .
good app .
very easy to use .
reconnecting with long lose friend be very easy . love it a lot .
how to identify that the person i want to chat be online .
there be .
itz perfect work .
its very good app .
thank for the update .
why need to login just like whatsapp be perfect .
this chida .
problem with the notification . it's delay to much it kidda anoyed me .
love it .
we chat .
i don't have anything wrong on this app . cool .
very good .
very good .
wechat link my account with my company mobile number without my intend . after the mobile number be use by another one , it cause me a lot trouble .
ok good .
beautiful and wonderful .
after update and instal couldn't start up . please fix .
i like it .
its really glitchy . once you open a chat , and click chat background when you pick a photo and you press it , it won't do anything its glitchy please fix this and i'll give you 5 star . thank you .
can i know what's problem lol today my wechat auto logout and now my chat all history go , can someone explain and can teach how to recover my chat history lol . very disappoint me .
best apps .
wonderful app .
hay tot mjh rat thich .
i love this it be so cool .
use it when my brother be in china adopt his daughter . it be awesome .
cheer , cheer , cheer and welcome name wechat .
shake option give me no result always . i dislike this app .
the bestest social network .
great for talk to family and friend , if thats your thing .
just love it . better than whatsapp obviously great .
ah r .
i be have issue get notification despite have all notification option turn on . it be not instant and be delay until i open the app . and even then , it doesn't always show new message even when my friend have send text to me . please fix this .
i love it .
samsung tablet .
tell me my number be invalid so won't verify account . i know my own phone number ffs .
love it .
very good and ysefull .
very good .
more or less .
i just instal it to my new phone s6 edge . when i open it , it say unfortunately wechat have stop . i try to uninstall and reinstall few time , still not work .
love it .
a wonderful .
it's free and easy for me to send picture to my friend and family who don't have image plan .
this be the best app all in other .
five star .
could be better if it be lightweight .
hopefully will be success this app in my phone it will be faster whenever i ll open for everytime i use . coz i really2 addictives of this social apps in wechat .
in god we put our hop and we put our trust .
very beautiful .
thank you for this wonderful program , but there be a problem of the program be carry out and settle mikdrt after alamsan enter the program's online campaign i hope to address the problem .
like most other .
like it .
sexy app awseme to sex .
i like it .
have always describe their khei maatalaa leach .
this very well and videoconference call emoticon game .
good apps .
krna mmkai this application . so i dpat communicate with mdah .
fantastic roowouah .
find friend , not to resolve a spire .
good app .
a great program .
it encantedo me because it help me communicate .
i think about how see my family far away . well thank to this app talk see my parent all the time ist good .
shi hilo lech gap emerge .
rvh vjmyl btvasl valtarf balasdqa valsdyqat .
the best program .
ramazan kill .
amaze download him .
we chat ok .
great app . use it daily .
a true problem he have see status and mivch and be as well as the whole tamam please nadr of the problem and resolve .
me satisfy enough , congratulation to you guy for this very good app . i recommend , believe be very good .
initially disappoint .
spend a long time be no problem but do not know why recently have add expression can not be display . further , hop to join have read function , thank you .
i'm love it .
the soft achtvh open leach .
love it .
tmam program .
i like it because i can talk to all my friend .
make me easy .
the program mesh sweet abu wineskin .
very good .
great app .
fun and god .
saye nak download . tpi wechat xdapt .
this one have excellent apps . i recommend to everyone .
halowo bs there be a problem be that i hope come out automatically solve the problem .
nyari tmen .
very cool .
love it .
i have some problem with my phone and need to format phone many time . because of this i must wait 24 hour to login again . suck no need to secure please .
a great program .
5 star .
really cool app . if there be no limit on drift bottle , i would rate 10 star . thank wechat team . never have connection problem or any other issue .
if you can add option to delete friend comment on your post should be great and perfect . please add it .
i have try my best to friend relative there's something wrong with my wechat , use other apps to contact me . i've login , but will back to my main screen in 5 second . my mum and i use the same smartphones . her phone can be use this apps . can anyone tell me how i go be a life with my wechat .
i hate it . i think i would be experience better wechat but as soon as i update it would not let me send msg and it suck . it happen while im chat with someone . pls fix this or i will uninstall it like forever .
my device cant match the new version 6 . 1 . when i open pic to see it cant go back the same page . it go back to main page , be irritate . can you solve this or may be my device .
please put more little sticker at the message . at least you gonna make a doge something else .
love it .
enjoy it .
so good .
thank you .
i like it .
i will give 5 star . if you can tell us how to share a song on moment . that's all .
cool way to chat n see my frnds n family . luv wechat , and its fre we .
you can send your msg fre .
my love begin by wechat .
love it .
we chat .
have to boost the sound in vedio conference .
good for chat .
in shake it always show chinese people i never get an indian .
why this app cannot download at my phone samsung . huh i try it almost . 10 time . fix it
this become my everyday use for communication .
it will take in your ass .
ok lam .
nice app .
i like this .
help me stay close to my love one .
add more awesome feature .
best thing in the world . able to talk to my son in china and best friend in bellflower . and doesn't cost any money .
very good .
there be .
mind blow .
thich thu .
wonderful program .
very cool .
we chat .
like it .
make video on moment be error .
battle to discover people . always connection issue .
magnificence program .
like it .
all feature be good . wechat also have high level secure . but we can't see which friend be online and our message be see .
very good .
long before .
cannot share picture . always close by itself . i hate that sight thing . bla . try to install again cuz i love this app so much haish .
this app be great , i love it .
jamil program .
very like .
i d k . sometime cant use that voice note . fix it .
i can't download it . argghh .
wechat in my htc one always hang i even cannot log in to my acc either via sms or email . please fix it .
you cheater we reward be just piece of crap . you people message me that you have get a free balance of rs200 and then tell me to login we chat then you tell me to complete those stupid offer to claim the balance then on the day of redumption i didn't get any balanc and be ask to use the balance for some other stupid offer like chance to win an iphone 6 kiss my ass we chat now i'm go to tell all my frnds to uninstall this app you don't know my social power i'll hate you until you give me iphone6 .
really good . i really love it damn much .
love it .
keep up good job . thank you very much . i talk all my friend and family . v .
very good .
use to work fine on htc m8 . nothing on my new phone . doesn't work at all . very disappoint .
there's no option to delete the account permanently . i have send wechat team an email regard my account deletion , if they process my request then i will surely rate this app 5 star .
like it .
it be good .
this be a bullshit app m use in my life alwys get hang whenever i use and not jst in my phone in my frnd cell also i dont like give single star also for this app so much slow app i ever use in my life .
awesome application . easy to communicate with friend and family member .
good program .
heart it .
nice to see you every step of the most of the most popular program but i think the best way to get your free time .
i love this app be very handy thanx .
it say too many operation try later .
its easy to connect with friend and family .
love it .
love it .
lech bejrj .
really like .
i like .
not good .
a great .
very nice .
i cannot refresh new moment , send or receive any msg for 3 day . what the hell be go on my apps be already update , how come it turn out to be this way need to be fix asap .
i love it .
unable to get indian user while use shake feature . we chat team be not helpful . same problem with my 3 friend . no solution for that . i be so helpless .
i can't get onto it . i click on the app then it come up for a few second and then go back to the home screen . please fix this .
why do not connect video call use laptop to cellphone .
wow this camera very beautiful much .
very good .
love it .
very good .
worst app ever do not download it be a waste of time .
very good .
best way of communication .
how come i can't dlt contact on my samsung note 3 .
what the fuck man . i be indian but when i shake my phone . it show only chinese people say that 10km away . fix it otherwise i be gonna uninstall it .
its cool but it would be better if thier be unlimited shake video call an it be a new feature .
piece of shit how could any body do a routine of say do by wechat and they promise to blow you fuc ing 200 rupee and they end up say you could win a bloody hell iphone6 .
like it .
i like it .
too easy for me if i wanna chat with my member .
it won't work .
good apps .
every day disrturb .
we chat .
very good .
why can't the wechat doesn't have the notification of whether the person read or not .
update so many generation , and now mobile phone be mostly 1080p screen , basically more than 12 million pixel , let alone i use 4k screen , the whole circle of friend to open the photo mosaic , slag quality completely unable to see , before the phone screen resolution rate be not high shihai live record with a circle of friend that enough to save the photo to see , now that more and more do not want to slag quality hair circle of friend , and do not want to see friend slag quality photo . i understand that take into account the micro channel flow problem for the user intentionally compress image to save traffic , but now everywhere wifi , also do not use up your data plan , user need absolutely original circle of friend a few , micro channel in this area do not improve a wide selection of word more and more people will give up the social circle of friend which tool to switch to instagram and flickr . also hear that circle of friend can not send long text , i do not try do not know , sometimes with a circle of friend before leave feel a diary write thousand of word a few hour , if such a basic function to be delete , you may have to choose the other social medium .
samsung galaxy s3 .
very good .
why i sign up we chat to new wechat but not . why . please tell me it .
i think a good thing .
nice chat .
upgrade be the bestest .
you can talk with people in other country .
very cool .
i hope wechat keep update the application .
i have very good news .
trmksh wechat . reconcile special incomer .
i do not know that the beta will not read it , then read it . notice how it .
wow its really awesome to share pic , video and most of all share moment with frens and family . thank .
easy to use .
seru nya bo .
tv phone also use may be voice phone , also look forward to hear from you ,
nice app .
and good use .
best 06 .
the problem with the wii enter the chat come out of the state of leyte problem or pleasant tamilo second renovation .
can shake can nearby friend also . also can video call i very happy with this app .
it's gonna the world's the most fake app . most of the user be fake and show nothing than nudity . shameful and disgust .
gear up .
like it .
how im use ttpod .
it's good .
super clear ang vedio cam thank you wechat i love it .
very good .
toi thich .
u don't want have the option to delete the account .
do what it say on the tin .
i love it .
add multiple as on apple , also video function be outdated .
very good and nice .
can i on9 at my pc and how to login .
i love the app because very easy to massage and call . she haha .
its good apps .
i like it .
me gusto .
it's a really great app .
need optimize for 2k screen , and stop use stupid ios ui , please .
everyday , i have to read my wechat .
pls fix it after i uninstall and reinstall this app it wont log in my acc .
i can install the app always say no space in my device . already delete all app in my cp but still the same .
love it .
coz of wecht i fine dome hwo realy love me .
i like it .
i love wechat .
cant change profile picture , send picture . all cant do it .
some time very slow .
2 hrs try to install with no success .
on par with whatsapp .
some of the emoji didn't show up in android phone .
very good .
make it bite easy to use .
i love wechat .
i like .
cannot update .
a wonderful application .
very good .
we chat .
love it .
very nice .
nice app .
exellent app .
love it .
good luck .
the texting funtion be good , but not the call .
great app .
very beautiful .
love this app .
very good .
great app .
i can't install this app be use note 4 what could be the problem .
magnificence program .
magnificence program .
not good .
i can't log in my account , it have be block , and i try many time to unblock and it doesn't work . i also try to register again , but it doesn't send me a verification code . i try everything . also deactivate the antivirus or register in another phone with my sim card . please fix it .
good job .
work great .
awesome app .
it woow .
wechat team for your hard work .
be good .
very good .
it's very good app .
i get my new samsung s6 edge phone . try to download this app but it keep tell me there an error and won't even open . how do i fix this .
fantastic app .
wonderful , wonderful .
everything be great about this app . i use it a lot more than fb . it have almost everything that fb do but with better privacy control , for example only mutual friend can each other's comment under your post . for improvement , i hope it'd have better integration with each os and support of share video on moment .
very cool .
lovely app .
my first review on this app hope i'll love it .
a great program .
very good apps but sometime it too slow .
omigosh love it and the app .
it be the best .
love it .
waste of time and data .
love it .
it be very . gopd app we can chat as a sticker and messger it very good app wechat .
love it .
very good .
so good .
go to be better with each update , well .
very like .
need to on the location data . before this no need to on location data . fix it developer . feel dispointed .
useful and simple .
very happy use it .
this be good bt not vry good .
very naice for us thank u wechat .
next best thing to facebook .
there be no local friend during shake .
connect people .
i be not reward for march 2015 not only me , many be cheat . and be cheat .
love it .
not bad .
nice good thank you wechat .
very good .
khan dawod .
very good .
everyone it show on line be 10s of mile away . not even in the usa . and i live near vega . and most of the profile be not even in english . don't waste your bandwidth to download , or your time .
gr8 app to hit new girl guy . use it from 1 year . and hit 14 girl from we chat .
not use it yet but im hop that it go great .
connect the world . superb app . how to make video call .
dear , i'm not able to find people nearby look around option in my wechat account . plz tell the tip for enable it . thank .
jamil program .
yes i love it .
long before .
why my wechat always sign out automaticly please fix its .
lg g3 .
please stop download . i want cancle this .
my account be ban cant recover not work when i try verification to recover . please help me .
it be good .
you can communicate we people very easy and for free .
it say my google voice number be invalid , but that's the only number i have .
i love it .
wat happen keep ask us update but when click in there be no latest version for us to update bug .
like this so much specially look around .
however , people close to me obtrusive from abroad load chga more however , it be ironic to recall do it off . nothing but good to fix it , thank .
sticker so cute .
like it .
how micro channel when a letter of no color above , solve .
want to try dlu .
this fun .
perfect for communicate with an ipod adroid .
there be a lot of good friend .
why always ask me to input password why can't i always stay log in this be nothing about security but annoy .
i love u .
young lech manscher perhaps elhoudat response possible .
very cool .
do not install after download .
excellent program and have an advantage in identify sweet p people and to connect the beautiful love me add me this cybernetic alwi 05 .
like most .
every time i call to update , skip to google play . there be no update later , you can sync .
i5s okay for me . i really enjoy share my moment with my friend .
recommend excellent app .
download stucked .
not just gorgeous but be more than wonderful , i would advise everyone to upload .
unable to search location . and my phone number be register for different account . how can i delete it to merge in my mail account .
i love we chat .
the size of this app be too big . why must 30 mb please reduce the size . its too big to me to install . pleasee . i'm really want to use this app .
best ha .
this would be perfect if you add background texting .
error pop up reminisce andeuleoga .
i like a program .
very good .
really enjoy . exit for the next to have more interest set .
i have a lot of message apps , and i definitely think wechat be one of the better one , but it's not very well use in the us . i use it most when i'm in asia , especially chinese speak country .
hard to use .
it basically ok .
easy to use the cartoon love to have free promotion and news to follow .
something magnificence .
very cool program .
i like this application .
not so willingly line be better although video call fail .
i advise you to install it .
baihe sense of the word .
speech be often wrong .
ok good job .
ahil 3 .
should be good i'm still download and heavy through this app .
it's awful . it be never delete .
love it .
very useful to get new friend if i can be develop further and continuously develop so memudahkan . untuk find friend . thx .
i love .
i can't receive msg at all after upgrade to new version . what happen .
i cant open any sight that show up at my moment . why .
very good , but hard to do .
good . it's work . can get more friend .
its an suprb app plz dwnld it n njy it .
very good .
i like .
what i hate about wechat be that you can't see if the other person see your message . i don't know if i'm be ignore or not . it's so annoy , this need to be fix .
very nice .
i love it .
i love wechat .
i cant open this app in my phone , it will sudently dissappear .
why my wechat can't receive and send any msg after update . help please .
amaze app which have never see mind blow reward every month .
i like it .
very good .
i love it .
i have be try almost all of the available chat apps in the market but find wechat best of all . the only thing i be miss in it be deliver read status of each message send .
very good .
very poor app .
the problem be in this app i don't understand that a friend be online or not . i wish we chat will be make that option .
we chat .
how to delete we chat account nd remove oh no .
this apps make my life more fun .
not bad .
wechat so best . but please put pencil pilot again . i want to play that game again .
this app be really nice .
very easy to operate , simple to use . can't stop enjoy .
the moment cant be update . i need to uninstall and then install again to update the moment . please fix it asap .
i like wechat .
its good .
i love wechat .
why i can't install this app it say that there be error download this wechat because there be insufficient space on the device . pls help me .
it's great , but i think it would be even better if you could see if your message be read .
nice app .
im enjoy use this .
love it .
my moment never update since yesterday . hope you can fix ut .
i can't open my moment , even the picture that my friend send to group chat , it say no memory card , etc . why it suddenly happen .
very like .
make the picture more clear . add a lot of wechat theme . make us see the likers and others comment .
this be the best chat app ever .
love it .
play very well .
common to use .
very beautiful .
awesome app .
i call it perfect . keep it up .
good deal .
we chat .
i cant log in into my account because it say that my account have be close and it say that i can open my account . whenever i want to reopen my account , it have chinese language as their language i dont understand one bit of chinese , how do u expect me to reopen my account .
just get my htc m9 and wechat refuse to open . it doesn't do anything , what can this be and how can i fix . it .
i can't download this new version of wechat . it say insufficent storage available what should i do .
very beautiful .
2 only 2 .
thank we chat .
good one .
after delete it i cant download back . what the problem and pls fix the chat problem , when i open the chat , it just auto quit within 3 second . but the when i open the moment it does'nt have any problem . my id wongliangsean pls help me check for my account if there be any problem .
im just . like it , must download it .
it's ok .
i like it .
my friend normally wasn't use we chat .
i see my friend in video but me she cant see me nice like dance the light why not clear pls help me thx .
nic app .
worst app ever , no option to send mp3 or any video yet .
luv this app . sticker be excellent . more shower please awesome . still problem with profile status and anyone in wechat ever reply to message send .
too heavy to download .
keep me connect to my friend .
this app iz very nice nd powerful . thanx developer .
very good .
fery good .
its good .
but whats happen with the video call seem like its not work . kindly fix for 5stars . thank .
xperia z2 .
very beautiful .
very nice .
i love wechat .
very like .
easy to use .
this app be really helpful for us here in abroad who want to keep in touch with our love one . the connection be excellent .
great app .
its only the wastage of space .
good morning .
i have be use we chat for a while now . the find people around feature doesn't work in my area and i don't understand why .
i love it .
this new wechat always unistalled by itself . why .
love it .
what happen into my wechat cant login . it say my wechat have close and to unblock button ok . but after swtch the button china language . i logout and i want login back . it siad block please help me .
very good .
amaze . should try .
i must say i'm very satisfy with this app .
good chat .
i like it .
shake not work in the new version .
when i refresh the moment , new moment not appear n i must uninstall then install back , than its okay for 1 week only then it happen again .
try to get in too many complication , like password id phone number i could not get into it i say forget it too much trouble i don't have time for this , even try with my facebook still couldn't do it so i get out .
very good .
love it .
really good .
this app be awesome it never give me any problem .
where be my sticker waste my money to buy this . my sticker be go .
i cannot update my moment . i use wi fi but can't update it .
why it take so long time to download this app .
i love it .
app work good but cheat at we reward worst idea all . line app be better than yours .
bad stuff on we chat , but my mum be addict to it .
super clear ang vedio cam txt wechat i love it .
i have be use this apps from last 1 year . i love it . video and voice call be great . thank developer .
can't install it . don't know why .
i really like d new version .
we use . we love . wechat .
very good .
love you .
like this app and use often , but so annoy for last month it constantly be remind me to update but when i follow link to do so take me to google play which say i be up to date .
lose all my chat history cuz of this bug .
ive trouble so many time regard this apps . this pass few week i cant log in to my account , always network fail try again even though i have connection . uwah pls help me with this problem thank you .
this app be good and its feature be variety beautiful . but , its people nearby feature be not correct . it's fake .
very good .
i love it .
variety of sticker available for free download . if possible , please improve it to link facebook so that can transfer video clip from facebook and post on wechat .
very good .
this be the best app .
good apps .
like very much .
its ok . during video call , application be get close .
i like this app .
very good .
great apps .
very beautiful .
can u reply me and to unblock must use china phone number . i m malaysian . how to unblock it .
get apps i be grateful to those who develop this and . make it free .
i like .
it's ok .
i be certainly do the same thing like reuninstall this apps to have a better service . but it doesnt work well . please update this apps .
i try with number of my email but it say all my email have link with other wechat account , but its not . and when i try to unlink my phone number , it say for account security , my wechat id cannot link with my phone number , also same when i try to change it .
complete all everything have . great and wonderfull .
love it .
i enjoy the emoticon and meet more friend in this app .
i love .
very beautiful .
it be good .
very good .
good apps .
love this ap .
good magnificence .
why i'll cant download this app it's say you have no storage .
nice bt not like what's app .
i'm love it .
easy to use and i love the crazy sticker i get to choose from . i be glad my friend recommend it .
my we chat cant look people nearby this we chat be so teribble please fix it .
5 day ago i've click on download wechat the app be still try to download 5 day later .
best for chat .
i don't have an option to change my profile picture .
i love we chat .
please update this app for android . we need material design not apple app clone . most app on android now support new design .
love this app . i use it for video call , audio msg , text msg , its great .
rat thich .
cool app .
v should have last scene in this app like other apps .
i cant get any friend by shake what be this we will complain to google orelse .
good app for video call .
i can't log in into wechat . everytime i must clear data to log in . please fix this as soon .
i like it .
jamil program .
it down and talk to say a line download .
fix it .
please help me unknown error code during application install 24 .
you can't really do anything aside from chat . most other apps like line have some fun extra . plus , there aren't many cute sticker .
i love it .
we chat become not nice no call slow msg send . this be 9 4 2015 problem not solve still .
love it .
very nice .
awesome app for chat .
very nice .
it be good .
improve the quality of picture in moment .
already reinstall twice but still have trouble open its . only can show the front page then 2 or 3 second automatically close . please help .
radar go on search endlessly without any result . its not tell what's the issue .
its good .
very good .
u shuld check .
but it take to much space .
it give pleasure of error free video call . thank .
very nice application .
i can't receive and send msg since yesterday . and it keep say server access failure . pls fix this .
i really like this app if it allow me to post voice note in moment please consider this suggestion .
good app .
while my phone lg g3 have an excellent camera , any picture upload to moment undergo some hardcore compression . the end result be that beautiful picture turn out to look terrible . please fix this issue .
great full to lover and friend .
love it .
please wechat owner to filter every indecorous sticker , there's a lot indecorous sticker which people send to me from overseas country , it so annoy .
i love to use this app because we don't have to verify our own account to use it .
suck can not install .
nice combination of feature .
so nice .
i send meny email but team be not respond me about my email .
great way to keep in touch .
very good .
wechat be very excellent app download it .
suggest for the more better . hi hope wechat have a last see like whatsapp . it more better when this app have it .
great app , but need some update , like online status , which allow you to know if the person you chat with be online or offline . well do .
very slow on load photo when use people nearby function . also very slow on load photo in moment .
i cannot access my account because i have be report to many time after open it on bluestack . help me .
it be okay , till i log out . couldn't relog back in . forget my password . do everything possible . finally get wechat again . probably still be an .
user friendly .
we chat .
i like .
new year .
very good .
i love this app . i felt much closer to my friend when ever i go .
very good .
great app i have very rarely have any trouble with it .
ko to j .
be very good .
good to chat with friend .
the best ever .
no load .
wereward be not work on my phone . i have try the same account in two device yet not work . i want to enjoy the offer as a wechat user or it's bore . plz fix it .
very good .
what's wrong with wechat i be inform to update my app because of the error in send message and photo but when i open google play , my wechat app be automatically uninstalled . so i instal it and then all my message be go the f .
very good .
owesome apps i ever use .
jamil program .
new update be very cool and i love it .
sometimes the my video be not work . they can't see me .
very good .
be very good .
i love it .
always show server failure and please check your etwork provider but i can use whatsapp and all please help me i need to use wecht for urgent pls .
like it .
so good .
love it .
i like wechat .
very good .
cant saw receiver read the message or not .
reinstall wechat 5 time but i cant find any single person from india on shake . no matter whenever i shake all i get be people from china . look into the problem . once my problem be solve will give u 5 star .
this app be amaze .
it stop frequently n i have to reinstall it tym to tym . this version suck .
doesn't work on android 5 . 0 . 2 on the galaxy s6 edge . please fix bug and make it compatible . thank .
nice apps .
good apps .
need more future .
very nice .
i love it .
great app for chat .
love it .
very beautiful advise all pthmloha .
good be good .
so long so far storm be over .
appal e .
cool app .
roowouaa t .
make friend add sip this app be .
under modify , when a friend pull into the group have accept .
others do not see a lot of picture send super bad .
love it .
good join .
good to use .
i can not find any friend in the neighborhood , china climb all chinese or korean . tune in to where i be stand but could not find .
need to correct several thing .
i think this app should upgrade like show last see and i dont know how to delete account by wechat .
very nice aap good work we chat keep it up .
should be able to know what the other person be online on mike pao and read our message yet .
klchhch halowo .
great download crowd be great and have option to put background wallpaper with photo vc want .
alr . s . hloowo .
too slow make me always reformat the phone .
this be so amaze .
it just doesn't make sense sometimes .
i would mainstall ult .
aksra puck .
it be very good you can find your friend and u can send any picture .
it be ok .
i like that .
great app ever .
i hate this app people be so gross on it when u say u jst want ur age or jst ur race other people still come on dnt install this app it will be your biggest mistake ever do nt delet it trust me tanx .
i can't log in my account . and i must uninstall and install back to log in . but all conversation gonee .
all function not work properly .
i hate this app . can't download . i'll try .
if u can update which other person chat indicator . it will be useful . thanx .
i love it .
it's a fantastic app to have . this app allow you to call your friend chat with your best buddy .
i be request for upload winner list of iphone and redme but there be no reply from 7 april so i think no one can get iphone or redme its april fool reward please don't waste your time in any future reward . and offer which give by wechat against redeem value it's already free of cost by every company on website .
a great program .
fake app whenever i click on my balance it doesn't show me my balance and after complete task i don't get balance also .
easy to connect ,
hat it .
nice apps .
how good be a message app gonna be when you can't even log in .
can get even more better then this .
i be really enjoy with this app . thank you .
it be great to share our thought and happy moment .
nice and awesome .
i like wechat .
awesome . i wanna keep dm he to dwnlod allow .
there be some problem with sequentially delete character when type a message , as the cursor will jump and you delete the wrong character .
dont know why . fix it .
good butt . why i cant send the photo on moment .
love it .
very like .
this be cool .
i like this way better than conventional texting . video sticker .
thats good n like to use it . but sometimes thats slow to connect .
i love this application .
shit app they message you even when you uninstall it n make you fool by say you get free balance n you can redeem against phone recharge bt at the time of redemption only few amount u can use as recharge and balance be for stupid lottery hat this app .
kalash sweet .
we chat .
always get unexisting contact while shake . shake not function efectively . useless app . shake call not function properly . to the maker of this app insted of make this app you just go plant some tree . use less app .
this be worst app i have ever use .
why always error while im tryin to install urggh .
be very good .
only complaint be that i get sign out randomly , without be notify , then miss message without know . otherwise , it's the easiest and most versatile and effective way to communicate with overseas friend relative .
but my phone cannot update this lately .
i can't update wechat version 6 . 1 , but my current version be 6 . 1 . be that bug .
love it .
video chat call .
almost 3days . why .
its work beautifully and necessity of all mobile user .
advance nd super feature than other social appss . but add online icon . it will be better than evry application .
love it .
the user should be able to know if the message he send be deliver or read by the receiver . and there should be an option for the user to delete his account .
awesome but why i can't download game texas poker .
no load .
i can't install this app .
nice app .
love it .
it be ok .
this be a good site to communicate to other people .
very good .
i like it .
very good application .
very good .
so good .
very like .
very good .
but must have theme .
slow connection .
good app .
great apps , could be the best .
if can pls make the sight duration bite long . so with that we can share our video easily . sorry coz can speak english properly 1star .
i like it .
thank wechat .
so good .
very cool .
very good .
this app be so cool keepsmiling . d .
ria be very .
be very good .
i like this app .
very good .
well its very disappoint . everything that i post . the quality of picture become low . my cover photo not beatiful anymore . its totally look suck . fix this damn thing . and one more thing . could you please block people from save picture many people like to save and edit with meme . damn it .
my favorite app .
very cool .
easy and fun .
very good .
it's very good apps for chat with friend .
can't dlte acc . just logout . i need to dlte this acc . and on shake i'll always get from china with 1 km or 2 km this suck . my friend in front me shake tgther but only give me chin slove this then i'll give 5 strs .
very beautiful .
like it .
very useful .
i like it .
magnificence program .
y the hell be this new v chat be hang a lot .
it always say that im not use the latest version when in fact i be . then it log me out . and one time i be ban . irritate .
the best way to connect with ur friend .
sweet and hubble program for which i do some mistake that automatically come out every time i hope intervene to solve the problem and be know to solve the problem i wish araslani . and thank you .
like it .
sweet ha bs fact pleasant hai bummer go out alone and necessary new thmilo wani mali khalk every hour mahmmelth .
good app .
show invalid password or account always .
program mo sweet ktearer bs young alwatsab god ahali than any other program .
always get unexisting contact while shake . feel .
he's very cool program and thank you for this .
xo cool .
it's perfectly awesome if you have work meet you cannot attend . you can all have a group chat and discuss the topic . i love texting my child's teacher and ask how she's do . the reply be fast . plus its easy to sign up thank you wechat .
hllowowo lh .
good apps .
but meno .
it be good for family and friend .
the picture and colour fascinatking .
nexus5 see previous drift bottle can not turn up to view chat , only the most recent one .
since almost 4 hour i try to get the code to start use this app , but nothing'm still wait unnerve what .
very good .
it proper .
please get acquaint with many friend .
very cool .
i can not find sercana person like ago and so hard just in case all day and never find before when i be blackberry if i conseguia . pero horita with androi can not .
i can't use video call .
drp bulehla xdop .
well , 5 .
a very good app , i recommend it .
i want to know why all my chat history have disappear but i never remove it . it's be happen twice and until now i still doesn't know what the problem , i just want to get it back , so can i get my chat history back again please help me .
awsome , luv it .
very good .
very like .
i just can't online through wifi .
i like this .
you be not a brain problem andrew have a good interface and change to the sb apple look . do it seem that you be developer capability be at the end . what a joke of a company .
my account block by no reason and i cannot recover it by phone number , email and keep say it's invalid .
its really nice i love it .
high on resource and very slow laggy .
god app .
feed me . hate this . uf .
its great n fast .
it show me message sometimes after 10 20 minute . that's why i don't use it for chat now , please fix this problem .
nice app .
why can't i log in to my account it say your account have be close and cannot be use to log in what's wrong .
i love .
i don't get tire use this app .
like it .
that's suck .
i have use we chat but when i shake my phone for find new people its give me something nonsense chinese name . can somebody help how do i do it correctly .
fantastic app .
the best performance .
it be good .
this app isn't let me sign up . i be not receive any sms for the verification . not able to sign up from any of the option e mail .
it be a good app which can compete with what's app with more feature .
awesome and good .
when i sign up , it always say invalid phone number . please fix . ty update review hi , i already go through the link that u mention for the support . until now i get no response receive .
i can't receive and send message why this happen please fix it asap .
love it .
it be good .
it show unable to load ur data while retrieve people nearby .
so easy to use nd always reliable .
no comment .
it be good apps for me .
please fix the shake . find friend .
even we far apart it like near to my love one .
very beautiful .
i love this .
i get an error no 24 while installation plz help actually before i have instal bt i be automatically delete and now im try to install bt i get an error 24 .
love it .
like it .
like it .
i love wechat because it easy to have video call and i love so much .
it's suppose to be just ordinary to me instead its awesome .
i like that .
happy with it .
love it .
i have be use it for quite some time and i find easy to make video call here .
it sticker will really so mch nice .
no coment .
well do .
excellent app .
i love this very nice .
video call not work properly .
nice app .
i just wanna say that this app be good and work well .
very good app . but many time shake be show no result try agian .
good app .
toi rat thich .
no privacy nd security ppl ve be misuse my picture as their profile pic please fix da issue nd make security stronger .
nice feature smooth n lot of amaze sticker .
use good .
fast easy .
it's better to other conversation apps . good to use .
never download , there be tonne of wierdos who send sexual and inapropriate message many read , sex and show me your boob . however the shake element of the app be quite entertain .
pretty good .
i can't take a pic from wechat . pls fix it .
i like that , this be superb , it be awsome . d .
it be good .
love it .
the raise a offer to get recharge gift of 200 . on the day of redeemtion they come with discount coupouns for the sit .
if this app can make group video call , i will give you 5 star .
wechat be recommend .
it say update to 6 . 1 version but there be no update what be that after week now still not fix what's the matter after 2 . 5 month still the same shit stupid hello service . you guy dream all day long .
samsung nexus . after use long time , result nothing .
it be good .
the best . always .
nice app .
i can not log in with we chat it show no internet connection either i have 3g internet .
love it .
very cool .
i love this app because it's our source of communication with my fianc e .
love it .
i like .
i love .
it be good .
can't login .
why can't i log in my wechat i didn't uninstall or what , but why can't i use my own wechat fix it .
there be some problem in shake .
very good .
very good .
we chat be world bridge .
after update the circle of friend to see , and to reply to your friend would jump out , please improve , thank you .
suck damn good hahahahahaha .
really have fun use it .
very beautiful .
can't download .
very cool .
it be good .
it ok .
the best apps in the market .
make it .
modern facille .
five star .
there be .
very cool .
recommend magnificence download .
why be a good compendium occasionally ask to sign in again .
they give prize to preselected member not for lucky winner . i hate it .
very nice app .
bajenla , be the best application for video phone call to shake the sex with and have many beautiful woman , uncensored .
i would like to introduce everyone to use this app cos it's greatful application .
get to know the news be very informative . organism live in daily life .
the best ever .
i dont have any comment .
help me call a friend who jau .
still a little old fashion .
very nice chat and poker many .
he's very sweet .
love it .
very convenient , thank .
good for a positive reply activity .
good app .
simple and easy as abc .
i like this funtions .
doesnt work right now . fix it .
crane rambunctious .
multi function good use .
hmilo lover chat girl bear and gulf arab omani syrian iraqi saudi chat beautiful book and where there be the most beautiful and most wonderful vsat observer management advise you to download god try it and shufu .
don't use it .
have chance for sex chat .
please update since become bore .
very good .
in the option of shake pure chinese salen fix that porfa .
great app as for me .
wechat be awesome .
very good .
i'm enjoy this papa .
easy communication with friend here and in china .
4 scond for sight to short .
when i shake i meet only local people way .
i love it .
i can't use this app because it also say your number be invalid .
cant login . not receive chat from someone .
very convenient .
best app .
why i can't download this app .
i like .
even i'm still download it i know it's great .
there be .
very easy .
like it .
i love it very nice application .
like it .
good app .
very good .
why be the sound quality of video call so bad hate it i can't even make a vid call with my friend i hope the vid call can make more friend in one call .
i like .
it be not download . try it for last 5 month . after half download it itself stop . bad . f k off .
i would rate this app a five if it wasnt for the think that this app might be under nsa's prism program .
good cause .
where be the annousment of iphone 6 winner n redme 4 phone .
no redeem after complete offer .
app superbly run without any problem . really love it .
i love this app .
so far so good .
this app be very good . we can meet friend from the other country .
no comment .
i love it .
it be very useful to talk anybody .
like it .
oman muscat .
no load .
unable to search friend on friend radar .
it become worst . i hate it .
i enjoy wechat .
i love it 5 star .
thank you we chat for have fun this app .
i like .
work in china and us .
be good .
i like it .
i like .
wechat cool .
fake contest . waste my time .
i like .
great app easy use .
i like it .
love it this social app .
a lot of boy ask me about sex and be just 9 year old . and man a send me sex picture and video .
you should pay back the data i waste on this shit app it only show people nearby when it want to . if you want to steal my data at least make it worth my while .
my friend do post news at the moment but i cant even c .
i like it .
no good .
all i ask for a chat app . everything be so organize . after use for a few day . you will understand that how sweet this app be . use it since 2013 and get amaze everyday . main disadvantage to me be that mostly user be from china and they don't speak english much . wish english speaker will adopt this app a little more .
very easy to use .
sup . i love use wechat but i also lose my account for 30 time and today it be my 31 time . so , please update your app so people can login with qr code . it be so much easier that way . thank .
can't upload or download the picture .
so good .
very good .
it's great when it work . sometimes i don't get mesages till the next day .
very cool .
love the app but my video be not work .
not bad .
awesome comm . app .
back up all the time .
good app .
best for chat with people nearby .
chat with friend overseas work great .
very cool too .
very like .
thumb up .
best social communicate in the world .
great app for contact your chinese connect .
a great program .
love it .
even though i dont share moment that frequently , this be by far the most practical out of all tencent software i have use .
more remarkable program .
review of wechat .
very cool .
good application .
good worth download .
friend not install we chat but sms fast and offer fake can't take balance offer result not announce future be not bright fake we chat . can't take 80 rupee of oxien wallet .
i would purchase i love it .
great app .
i happy to use we chat with many friend in online .
u can never login when u want .
i like .
it's a fake apps and heavy for mobile . my mobile hang for this apps only .
love social network .
excellent program .
i love it .
be good as shap but i cant see picture clearly .
very nice .
nice lv the app .
what should i do if someone have hack my account .
so good .
like most .
every time when i need wechat always greater than other apps .
i love that .
nice i love it i hope its get more extra thing .
cool app work perfect with variety of thing . deservs 5 star .
nice app .
very comfortably .
very cool too .
very like .
i like .
great app .
great app i will love to hv more emo icon .
. except if i install vpn . but its not a prob for me though . coz my mom dont mind either . hahah just as long as we talk each day . and shes just fine with it .
very good .
very beautiful .
very good .
excellent program that allow you to correspond with various friend from any country .
great apps .
investigate and seek not fail you .
i well like to rate this app .
bioinformatics it away .
keep up a good service .
ok buanget .
me the best .
very good chat app .
great app .
love it its really helpful .
good work team .
panuwat whichian .
i love it .
i dont receive any message and when i try to send one , the app crash .
not bad .
one time i meet someone in wechat then he keep on send picture of his private part and message me can we do this , you and i naked together have s . eew please add a message scanner and ill rate this for 5 star .
y it take a long time to download this app .
i love that .
sight problem it suck i can't send the sight even use wifi . what the fish arggh .
very good .
very useful app recommend to others .
this be so absurd . wechat team block 2 feature shake and nearby location from my account . reason state be some security issue .
good job .
its ok .
i can't even download it and i do everything delete all my video and everything to speed up my phone but then i realize its the wechat just not download sufficient .
voice call not really work good .
very nice .
i cannot connect my wechat it keep crash and crash . resolve this or don't develop it and remove it to the market .
very good .
love it .
me happy .
like it .
feel so close with someone .
i don't get y ppl comment so much prob must be their phone . work fine for me .
osam ap . amaze feature . and reward . to good .
very good .
thank you . great app .
its awsomere .
good thing .
need more thai use wechat coz best chat app .
can find other new friend .
definitely better than what's app . more advance feature .
it have improve video call and voice call feature .
lovely stick .
nice app .
there be .
one of the best app ever i have a problem with this app bcs it keep log out by its self but not now , thank team wechat goob job .
there be .
everything work perfectly well for me .
how to share music on moment .
a few issue i've find it's not possible to remain log in on multiple device . i have a pc web , tablet phone . if i login on another device i get log out of the others . this be very inconvenient unlike viber , facebook etc the web ui doesn't allow for moment to be publish that i find scan the qr code for the web ui be very problematic . the scan green line be offset from the preview window . i end up move a long way from screen until the qr code be both in the preview window and cross by the green scan line when make a video call use my android 4 . 4 . 2 tablet in landscape mode my outgo video be sideways . when the screen be rotate the picture also rotate . meanwhile incoming video in one orientation be badly stretch not sure i'm go to carry on use this , sweet but seem rather low on function and worse , very buggy .
nice app but chinese .
every time i try to online my wechat it go blank . i dont have problem with other apps . and wechat also make me cannot press other key . i have to restart my phone . lastly i choose to unistall . please fix it .
my daughter travel the world and wechat allow us to stay in constant contact and when i miss her voice i just have her send me a voice message . i would be lose without wechat .
its good .
love the share map .
love it from begin .
great feature and easy to use .
hay day .
really it's good .
i use to share photo with friend on moment , but not any more . i can only load pic by take it instantly from the wechat take image or insight , not from the phone already take , that really suck .
i like it .
i love it . if many item that can be use in wechat , maybe it will be more interest .
thank you for develop this amaze chat and share app . bring the world closer more than you know .
i like .
nice and easy to use .
fuck all app . don't download it .
great for keep up with the world .
thank you .
excellent program .
great app .
very good .
nice app .
its tell me unknown error code during application install 24
very good .
my wechat wont work properly . hate it .
pretty good .
i dont like it .
love it .
anyone win redmi note 4g .
ilove it .
great app .
luv it .
ok but not better than hike or whats app .
i want this app to be more awesome try to make new design . like , make wechat massenger . or , make more easy thing to do .
look definitely like viber . but colour be not same . good at its function .
love this app . wonderful .
when i try to login wechat , it's say your account have be close and cannot be use to login to wechat . to unblock your account click ok to do so . and i do click on ok nd follow all the step but it's not work out . i knw i haven't unblock my account but knw why it's say my id be block . plz help me to get my account unblock . look forward for reply nd help from wechat crew .
great app i love it .
so nice .
i have no word . to describe this .
work well .
i be not go anywhere today and tomorrow night for me to come over and over the .
i like because it automatic reveal profile of owner phone number .
its take more memory and not usefull .
it be good .
average app .
have be reinstall many time n disconnect now , i remove n can't install .
love it .
i every day try to install this wechat . but fail . tell me . what be go on .
so easy to use .
i love it .
dont waste your time download this app .
that march offer u guy give . be kind of a prank . think it be genuine like the earlier offer . never mind . d trust we have in u have definitly go down . could try makin it up . before u guy screw d whole thing .
great platform .
its not so bad . work well occasionally .
force automatically subscription to wechat team . can't unsubscribe .
fast video call and audio call then whatsapp .
it's really good app . it's very useful for me .
i cant open after update , always prompt wechat stop work . why .
love it .
call facility be awesome .
my best chat software i download . no other can complete . congratulation .
work as it should .
i have lose all my history after it update .
sometime i'm so bore when this application be to stop .
gud app .
friendly and ease of use .
not bad .
i love it .
very good .
nyc app .
improve on the call quality .
long before .
i like this app .
this app absolutely the best ever to me . easy to find out old friend and new friend .
it's world's number 1 fake app . it promise many thing . but never fulfill at least a single one . and the worst thing be it take 234 mb of your internal storage but do nothing .
very nice .
awesome and great .
i have be try for a few day now . im decide now to forget about it . its useless anyway .
i like .
i just love this app .
sir new verson me reward direct kr de to accha hota please .
connect me with my love .
good app .
to awesome and to much people use wechat .
can't make a private group for friend game worldwide .
wechat be d best . i love it .
it be a cool app like captain cool and it have a program like wereward which give me so much offer and talk time that i be glad of it and like it than any other app or messenger .
wechat help to get our mobile recharge free with do daily task and there animate sticker be awesome .
very usefull .
very useful app .
one problem need to be attened the newest version detect but can not be upgtade instal . once enter into the installation page , open be show , but install button .
very good .
be send greet since month ago no one reply . app not work good pls fix it .
nice app .
account or password error . enter again please help . i lose my account . id wechat elvinkzer .
could not update yet .
i can't use it properly on nexus 9 with keyboard .
like it .
it be too .
wechat in free belance offer too no belance recharge over phone . and aap in many error . and network con . faild be error be any time in open wechat . bhut this aap be feku app and not good . and no use for any user . this app be feke . feku . feku .
i have to download it 2 to 3 time . please tell me why . because when i instal it back , it work but until 99 only then i have to download it back . can u please help me i love use this app . and i hope u can solve this problem as soon as u can . thank .
sometime i can't log in my wechat id . i hope it fix asap and will rate it 5 star .
i love wechat .
love it .
rather than put up stupid contest and fool customer . make it battery friendly and less heavy .
can't send pic and can't view pic after update to latest version . say unable to download image .
great app .
i like this .
love it .
hey gay's . don't download it be fake .
i love it .
much more functional and useful do not crash as much .
very good .
always be able to reach my family be amaze .
it make conversation more lively .
okay app .
very good application .
i cannot use this . i live in suriname and my country be not in the list .
what the fuck be happen to my wechat i dont have any problem with internet connection but when i on my wechat it keep say server failure and so on fix it as soon as possible .
i try it just this one time and i didnt like it . so i try to delete it and it didnt work . you guy should really have a button to delete the account . i cannot even delete my account i dont want it anymore . i cant even erase it . you should really do more work to this app . its unacceptable .
good wechat .
can't find my true location , there's only four location on the list .
i like this apps .
like it .
the sticker be cute and easy to use . just it'll be a little bite lag and quite slow . and it quite eat up space .
like it .
email be send to support . no reply at all .
thank you .
it can be improve the interface .
in a market where the competition be strong , this app really stand it's grind .
i like .
very good .
show up .
it be good .
very beautiful .
i love .
i can't download we chat , we chat could download error 467 .
great app .
at start time i do , nt like it more becz whatsap have many feature nd easty to . but with this new version i , m really happy .
i love this app .
great app .
best app for chat .
very good .
why can't deactive account .
how i want post my song from gallery to moment wechat i try anythng but i stii cant find .
we chat .
not just a chinese version of facebook , this be revolutionary mean of communication . it make ton impossible into other wise .
do this wechat work if it doesn't work i wil . soo u better hope it work .
good program .
better app to search people around .
very nice .
i do everything right i be not able to redeem balance at the end . it just suck it's the worst app ever . i want to give 5 star but can't .
very beautiful .
i try to change my password , instead , the app create another account . wont let me delete it .
love it .
clear call .
i think .
i love it .
very nice wechat fantastic video call and audio call also .
its good .
very convenient .
i just get my new phone . but then log in already be ok . then i can't go into my favorite . it keep skip out . pls fix this problem .
not bad .
very useful .
love it .
video be clear . good . keep it up .
can make a call .
yes it be very good love it .
thank so much .
i like .
how can i find new people if onw the featires be not work . , fix it .
we chat .
good sosial app .
love this app .
one month try via sms , mail and phone call that i never receive . please send me the code for a 5 .
the best .
very cool program .
not able to send or receive message . please fix it . and there be no troubleshoot option in wechat .
very good .
please , enable all emojis . if a friend send me an emoji that can't be support it will come out as dot . just add more universal emojis that be available please .
very cool program .
nice application .
my wechat be to hang in my phone if u solve my problem i will give u full star .
hi , wechat team i need to reinstall this application back pls accept me . the problem be i cant recieve call or message .
very good .
best of the world .
good apps .
very good to connect with my supplier .
i cannot send my foto , snd cannot see incoming wetchat foto .
i love this app .
where can i get the new version for android 5 . 0 .
like most .
i cant access my videocall .
check it down completely .
user play simpler .
update open less than a .
how can i delete the account .
sometimes the network be not good , please do not make you eat my pea , pea i earn a good hard ah .
ita really amaze app .
just love it .
always cannot download .
dag tot tai ko chua but new variable have dig for 5 star cug .
hi janu .
micro channel can not show the other side there be no online .
fast and easy to use .
love it .
very good .
good apps . in spite of i don't use the first time .
a really good friend .
its really a great and lovely app and help in express ur feel with your friend and dear once by share moment and send sticker .
the program amaze . , mhkouran . ,
this be how the two update , more slowly , too many miscellaneous function .
convenient , easy to use .
this be good .
hal a .
there be .
amaze app .
bitch app .
as long its doesn't have any problem then it fine .
long before the other .
i like .
i really wanna try we chat and now it doesn't want to download .
because i'm sure the viber be good for ofw for talk the family .
so far so good . but whenever i change my wallpaper or my profile pic . my username or my name will also change . ill use qistina haziqah but when i change my pic . it will become like this qistina l . kim . what wrong with this . r . i . p my english .
it exit itself when i enter .
i love it it's awsome i love see my friend in video call and i love the cute sticker you should really install this app it be amaze .
5 star .
cool way of communication fit for everyone , enjoy the app coz i enjoy it .
very like .
very good .
a great program .
good app .
very beautiful .
magnificence program .
very good .
i like it .
gear up .
very beautiful .
superb application .
very beautiful .
very good .
love it .
very like .
gear up .
a wonderful application .
it be good .
it's good and funny by the way , but why da hell can't i edit my post or even comment it'll be great if u add this feature .
hey wechat team i dislike this app bcoz we can't see who's online who's offline . when we send message no one confirm that he she . see the message or not . i think you gay will understand what do i try to say . just do your stuff solve it by update . good luck .
so many wonderful thing about this app .
very good .
this app conected me with many friend .
i like this apps to much this apps really better then others .
pretty good .
it be good .
everytime i try to install this application . it will say package have bad manifest . please fix this problem . thank .
stupid app . don't download it . i put here same number and now i have two wechat account . my friend be confuse . very low class app . same cell number and two account . we can must say . cheap app .
i like this .
must have app .
why my cover picture didn't come out and i can't see the picture that my friend post also . i already update it and try for a few time . please tell me the actual problem that i face right now .
i like it .
it's work good even in low speed internet connection . thank for wechat team . great job .
how come i keep receive message from people i block i don't understand .
love it .
thank u .
i love this . hihihi .
be a vehicle for dissent make it a major turn off . i want an app especially free of use for intent to promote any kind of conflict . if you think it's a big bad world out there need your help , try a psychoanalyst first before pollute cyberspace with your discontent .
nice to use .
so great .
awesomeness application . it's really good n wonderful .
connect people yeahh .
love it .
the picture won't come up it say unable to download image .
love it .
why i can't log in my account and notice me , my account be block then i try to recover but in the notice say my phone number be not available .
why when if i log in wechat automatily sd card unespectedly remove .
it's a life changer and the present of social network . you can't avoid it .
we chat .
very cool program .
we chat .
can reduce the memory and i like the old version .
i love it .
i like it .
i love it .
it help me connect with friend from different part of the world . it be easy to use and the sticker feature be fun .
very good .
i don't know why this apps won't allow to send large memory video . bore .
should be use in multi device and save the message .
not bad .
jamil bs . there be a problem . baiqvl . wei mbevthiha .
try to setup . wechat doednt recognize other user . not intuitive . maybr worse than skype , why must video chat be so difficult to get set up . im burn out try . u lose another customer .
very , very wonderful program .
can't fetch my location many time . need to improve location setting . if this be do i ll give u 5 star .
very good .
magnificence hllowowoowo program .
maaraf to wish score out alone tabna .
fever fddsgfgffd .
more or less .
cool app be very cool animate sticker . it run the application without any problem . too bad that be not popular in russia .
hello wechat staff i've be use wechat app since 2012 so far so good , but recently whenever i like my friend or comment them on they post my name appear different . do you know why be that i double check countless time to make sure if i enter a wrong name but its just do it all the time . i think its a bug so please help me . i give 5 star cuz i like this app .
i hope i finish my credit , beremos for las5 star .
probably the best chat app of all the mobile platform .
very beautiful .
good very convenient .
the brand have prilozh . globus mobayl . zarabotok husky reklammy . ne expect real conclusion blood in evro . kachayte safely an account andrey1969 without account invitation razrabodchik not registriruet . budte active patience and learn .
great app .
i do not recommend this practice be never very vaz fs z people and pervert the application have be deal with the case , and not be able to prevent our complaint mechanism al m yor . ayr never account .
i've be a year that im use wechat , it be great , easy to connect .
magnificence program .
the program go out alone , i hope a solution olmh lh .
vdat aluigat him die .
fake offer these people will cheat you be careful .
i feel happy when they get to know a man jamilon .
eh great .
there be nothing wrong .
it's most user friendly .
delete account be now add .
it work perfectly fine of course , if you have a good system and a reasonable internet he do not let on hand .
i love wechat .
why be it that i agree cder p request friendship nor cder ward p message greet and cder share weekly why can not henw .
fun too .
very good .
vha sweet magnificence date program .
thank you categorize this .
seem like a good way to communicate .
it be very fierce .
my account be block and i can't unblock it back . i try many time to unblock it and it hasn't send me a verification code . please , fix it .
shake feature be not work properly . its show no result find , try again later . fix it soon and ill give you 5 star .
hloowoowo bs period auetoagaf .
not so good as watzup for chat .
super app .
not bad .
the app be mohoabt from muko .
i like wechat .
when groj aymankn promise to mirror the last ivch .
dont know yet , i just download it .
raia really very .
all of a sudden i've get a wi fi disconnect problem . it just start happen . i can't video chat . as soon as i try video chat on wi fi , it drop the connection . what give .
sticker market r awsm as comprision to wtsapp or any other apps .
love it .
its a ok app . i like to know how do yoy change profile picture can someone tell me .
very good .
i can hear a voice mail . i try to hear to much time but it cant . please tell me why admin .
i like .
very good .
another better alternative to messenger . especially if your out in another country . and if you prefer voice message over just text . this be great .
it take all my megabyte and say 100 do and it didn't install onto my phone .
amaze app , must download , good sticker and feature .
very handy .
keep in touch with friend , family or even at work . you can make your own group . it be easy to send text , photo , voice memo . very easy to find contact complete control before you add .
great app .
decent enough to keep in u r application list .
hey wechat team i dislike this app bcoz we can't see who's online who's offline . when we send message no one confirm that he she . see the message or not . i think you gay will understand what do i try to say . just do your stuff solve it by update . good luck .
i reinstall twice to open the apps . sometimes it can't open at all , and shut my phone off , reboot again . however i don't have any problem with fb , whatsapp , line or others apps .
this father .
its nice and cool i rate 5stars .
it's easy to use and so fast .
i open that app that alway say delete now the app .
it's wire the same way my brain be wire . social community the way it should be .
ok lah .
very good .
good apps .
i like we chat .
very good .
well , 5 .
not easy to get around . how can the app feature be different on two phone of the same make and model .
very good .
its good .
very good .
it's very useful .
love it .
its nice app .
love it .
i love this social app .
never download this if u get balance and if u use the voucher code in this though u never get the balance .
like it .
i can't even post my picture or upload my display picture and cover picture . couldn't view my friend picture and watch sight also .
like it .
gd app .
like it .
wallet balance . redemption with other network . useless . last time recharge be superb but this time i waste my time .
wallet balance . redemption with other network . useless . last time recharge be superb but this time i waste my time .
wallet balance . redemption with other network . useless . last time recharge be superb but this time i waste my time .
there be no use of redeem point because oxigen wallet can not provide you cash back . please help .
i love .
i enjoy the different way of add friendz . totally love it .
the good application .
like it .
when use headphone voice cant hear . how to fix it .
be use this apps for year . totally amaze . just a little favor . can u please add just 1 more feather which can allow us to use sight by use front camera . i'll rate 10 star . i mean if possible . haha .
fantastic app . love it .
like many other .
it help me alot .
very like .
like most .
why do all the image in the moment that my friend post can't be load i try reopen the application , but it's still the same . i try open my facebook , it work just fine . please fix this problem , i really enjoy play this app .
nice app .
no good .
nice app .
like it .
i cant download wechat . it say error but why i can download other thing it suck .
i like it .
love it .
nice but balance not get .
i love this app .
good one .
there be .
we chat i love it .
after i instal the wechat , the first day it be work fine . but after that i cant receive or send out anything . and then i try to log off and relog back in , but now i cant even log back in . please fix this or provide a solution . i see many people be face the same problem with 6 . 1 version .
its easy to use and i could share anything on the moment with my friend all over the world . love it so much .
where be it .
very good .
no notification for any status comment or like .
be good to use , and can know over sea friend , save alot of money .
i like it .
please fixx asap thank you .
i use to love this we chat before . now it doesn't show people near by . please fix it and let me know i will give 5 .
like it .
i hat it because i can't log in .
i love wechat and use it everyday . can we please have the ability to export message history to a file .
it very perfect i enjoy use it .
i'm impress . keep it up .
i love it it's so awsome . you should share it to others so they can find out .
when i want to hear at my friend voice mail , it suddently hang please fix it i only give u 3 star for it .
excellent app .
its good .
we chat .
i love this app be a good time to get the best way .
love it .
love it .
about me it , s very nice .
very good .
it keep uninstalled by itself even though i didn't uninstalled it .
verry good , if you not say good you fool cant make the aplication . lol .
very good .
nice app .
i love it .
xperia z2 .
plz how still can't , he give me error 24 what be this .
most of the time the call doesn't connect .
very good .
good app but sight , we can't take sight use the front camera . i feel so sad .
it's totally great apps but sometimes it's make my phone hang and uninstall automatically please help me .
gud app .
wish there be more people on it .
very beautiful .
people nearby it not work .
i love it .
keep the good work .
please make funtion to delete account .
very good social chat .
easy to contact people .
wechat have awesome videocalling feature if u have good net connection then u can connect your friend easily and in smooth manner better then any app .
wechat be awsm its very good i like it .
i cant install tiz wechat apps .
i like it .
nice try .
very good .
thank again for your email address . please wait for your business , we be able , y fflint too , so chxujkc u have any comment on my blog and a bite . the may not necessarily those with an .
can't change the picture and send picture .
best apps .
tro cool .
hell yea .
awesome app .
easy to find new friend .
so cool .
really like .
when ever i shake it never get a single person from my country always chin user appear other wise this app be gud plz fix this for me other wise i have to uninstall this app .
nice job .
no comment .
i love it .
i can save all memory on it . its look like diary for me .
voice call video call chat very smooth very good .
very good .
love it .
now yes .
the very .
love it .
nice app .
we chat be a 5 star app .
so bad .
seem really nice so far .
it work .
they force me to rate 5 .
please update new version that we can post our moment with voice .
please update and have a last see online .
quite good .
i have 1gb storage . but i cant even download this 40 mb app suck .
very good .
it have .
ok the .
it be a very good app for voice call or video call or many more .
i like this .
i love it very much .
consume a ton of ram memory . each and every time i enter , it ask me my username and password , wtf its half in chinese and half in english , also full of spyware and backdoor , buggy , press enter to send doesnt work , ugly start interface a silly moon picture . it override the setting of my phone when i dont want the notification to vibrate . auto log out it will automatically log out if i get out from this app . it's kinda annoy . seriously . be careful it install spyware diaping or xiaping , without your permission also it hide it and doesnt allow you to uninstall it spam you all day with prostitute that add you without your consent . even erase all content of your phone and start fresh , the virus remain there why i cant put 2 account at the same time as any other android app .
they do not let user delete their ow n account , i hear over the internet that we need to send out an email . however , they still have not reply to me email .
now i can't login this be suek .
like it .
it's use too much mb . low .
because that be my own buisness . huhu .
very good .
very good .
very nice .
very like .
hi team , i be have trouble in log in . my account id and password be correct but it keep say account or password not correct . please help i want to retrieve my account . i don't have an email link to my wechat and also the number of my account be already inactive . be there any workaround here to verify my account thank in advance .
very nice .
5 star .
i like it .
i like it .
i love it .
u say it be use by over 400 million . but on that circle or i dont know it be only a 100 million .
i have to uninstall wechat 3 time because i can't login to my acc .
greatest app for so far compare to other app with the same feature .
it suddenly won't refresh my moment , and also the server not find bla , try to reinstall wechat but it just make the same thing .
it be good .
samsung galaxy note 3 .
i don't understand , this application always log out without my instruction , so i should often log in and log in , really annoy .
nice stable app . work well . there be a few little thing that prevent me from give five star though , such as not be able to share pre record video , and every post must have a picture .
be very owsome .
awesome communication for people .
very cool too .
the best .
someplace be difficult to figer how to use .
no boarder with your network .
very beautiful .
pls do not waste your valuable time on this app . it just wont work .
why your app always alert me to update when i already update to the latest version seriously annoy .
i be at 6 . 1 not sure why it keep ask me to update .
why i can't login my account why it be block what happen keep show that my account block and i complete all the requirement to unblock but i still do not receive my code number .
people from the same region doesn't have access to the same sticker set . i also can't change my chat background .
the privacy be great .
great app .
why its not work .
one of the best message apps along with line and kakaotalk with plenty of funtions . however , compare to the other two , there be no possibility to download chat in . txt format or any other format .
i love it .
shake option give me false result for the past 3 day . for example hong kong just 3kms , some chinese or japanese place just 2kms . fix it fast , or else i will be instal wechat soon .
excellent program .
love it .
good app .
very good .
love it .
very good .
hi people i hate it .
love it .
good app .
i love it this apps . i see my love family in philippine .
very nice .
ok . with the exception of 1 quite irritate aspect the chat do not sync to other device as chaton do . also , if you send a message to someone and you log in hour later , it do not show whether the message you send have be read or not can you put read beside it and time read god i so want to like this app , i do . i send a long internal message , please read it we chat team . wow , i miss chaton .
its a huge loveble application .
take too much time to download .
love it .
i like wechat .
love it to text love one .
i love it i talk to more friend now it be just great .
we hope wechat can upgrade network to be fast link .
very good .
video quality and voice quality be great it be a great app for call and message image be clear .
very good .
how to uninstall .
can't change my i'd once create . useless .
not that bad .
like it .
it really enjoy it love .
its realy good .
like it .
great application thank u .
good sticker wulmuhwqp4 .
cant send photo and voice message at daytime only from 12midnight till 7am , this start when i update the latest version . pls fix .
i love it .
so good .
you keep unworthy promise , thank .
there problem since so long back when i put photo in favorite and write tag but it allow me to write properly like example if i write me its automatic like me like this what this problem even i cant explain it well . plzz fix it fast its already so long back this problem but finally i decide to write it down here coz my patience over .
video gud so should b d voice as both at same time .
nice app .
it be ok .
always install but end its error .
i can not download in my phone .
this month i hv try to redeem oxigen wallet cash back but it be nothing except irritation from oxigen wallet . guy don't promote such kind of app . despite this issue everything be good .
love it can now send picture from my phone to my tablet .
the offer of march be totally fake . if you be not confirm about oxigen wallet you shouldn't post the offer . i be give 5 star because i know wechat be trustable . otherwise i'll give u less star for the month of march .
how to delete wechat acc .
love it .
please fix it . its always say that unfortunately wechat be stop . if u fix it and i will rate 5 star . thank you .
download ny lemoot .
i meet important people here , but now i just want to think of it , like a nightmare . but i still use this for my friend sake .
we chat .
good application .
great apps .
love it .
good job .
video call not work .
frndz i wantvto say tha its very nice and lovely aap .
very cool .
nice one .
luv it .
i have a problem . i can't even send a message to anyone . please fix this asap . thank .
we be chat .
pretty good .
its a excellent app but nowadays just . whatsapp be use .
like this .
they do not let user delete their ow n account , i hear over the internet that we need to send out an email . however , they still have not reply to me email .
great app .
wechat be good social network plus we have our own privacy too .
its not good . i can't send and receive picture and video from friend . don't know what be the problem . how should i fix it . help me .
very good idea .
very good .
it use to be the best app but it suck now . it doesnt allow me to have a video call . the screen be just all black .
i love .
i'm enjoy this be application .
a good practice .
i really love this app . you can message , voice message , send pic , video , video call or voice call . so much can be do with it .
after update , i cnt take sight . everything zoom until very big and when i want to see the previous sight , it become green .
very good .
like it .
nicest chat apps ever .
good new feature update in voice call .
it will automatically log out oftenly . its very annoy and inconvenience . please fix the problem .
best application .
very good .
i like it .
after update the latest version . i can't log in to my acc .
unable to download .
long before .
fix it . always crash .
may i knw plzz how to delete account in wechat completly .
i love it .
very good .
it be very useful .
it be good .
good app .
good apps .
make new friend and cool .
great application .
i cannot use my video call .
so nice lovely i love it .
it be good .
i can't install this version i have no problem with my internet , but why i can't install this app .
anybody don't have one you must be from mar .
i like this app so much . it easy to find friend n enjoy chat with friend .
like it .
the best of wehat .
i like we chat .
i like this app .
very good .
very good .
now it want too much space , before good , now tell me insiffisient space . i cant install .
i just enjoy this application .
notably prayer .
very good .
nice handle of work .
like it .
why wechat win open piz fix that .
i suggest i can upload my own record screen video or other personal video to the moment . to share friend and family . plz do it next update . thx .
i can't open my own wechat . what the f . ergh . please fix it . as fast as lightning . if you can . please . beg .
hey there im use wechat .
fake your offer not recharge my number .
good app .
love it .
love this app . good app for texting your friend and lot more . by the way . this app should not be fix . i've be use this app for almost 2 year , but there be no mistake that have happen to me at all .
this apps good .
the brand have prilozh . globus mobayl . zarabotok husky reklammy . ne expect real conclusion blood in evro . kachayte safely an account andrey1969 without account invitation razrabodchik not registriruet . budte active patience and learn .
very good .
also the icon be not show properly on bb10 device .
its awsomere .
i love that .
a great program and feature mmtahishkra .
after re login chat completely disappear . how to get back .
love this app .
to prof . ni .
namezazalove i give us a lot of good .
very nice .
i cant install .
i like i .
i can't my balance redeem now why it's 1april but still can't redeem balance in we chat .
pervade appoint alukt make me bs .
nice apps .
fantastic app .
how open .
wonderful app many thank .
very beautiful .
reply report .
the hammer .
it then become an excellent walk kthero world be you do it and ruin .
be card machine .
not as good as the whatsapp . here you can not see if the receiver get your message or not . and here you do not know if your friend use wechat or not , should know the id name .
i love wechat .
rowoowouah not market it .
there be .
nice app .
i like it .
my wechat shake no result found try again whats happen .
be seriously this app suck when you're run start to get message from people and neither q nor conozes interest you conoser child at risk q the discharge q i imagine you not would download .
i like it .
i be unable to call anyone . it be say you r not a we chat friend please fix it if it be fix i will give 5 star . please reply .
use we chat since 2 year ago .
love it .
wee chat be great .
im jakarta and im talk with my aunt who be in hong kong .
nice app .
its ok .
good job .
app with lot of memory associate with .
wechat be my most valuable apps .
not able to download .
nice app to connect know person .
good app .
not bad .
great app .
thats great this app .
keep me closer to my family as i work overseas . so clear and no buffer at all .
march reward 2015 . cheat .
love it .
love it .
i be chat with a wechat meseger .
we be chat .
i love it .
i like wechat but why do my wechat cannot open perfectly . it be like unfortunanely wechat have stop . what happen i use wechat for my important info for my friend . but now it cannot open well . please help me . to fix it for me .
i like it .
very good .
the best social app ever .
excellent apps for chat video call n voice call .
awsome app .
smile alwayss .
pretty good .
because . if post the moment just only friend to friend can see . not like facebook public . all can see .
not bad .
i love it .
i love the app here we meet so many good or bad people but its good too meet some new friend enjoy the app .
easy to use . trust and safe .
i make a mail on wechat they don't reply even after two day very poor customer care as well as very cheat customer by provide reward option with oxygen actually the oxygen be not work properly and very bad customer friendly app so both be time waste .
i love this app its great .
the tool near by be useful .
consume too much power , app be poorly write .
love it .
love this app .
its be completely fake app , whatever it promise it doesn't complete it . this app just try to bring more and more user but never perform what it say , take ans example of its promise reward , they say you will get balance of 200 , after people get attract to the offer they change it to 80 and then after the offer be complete they dont reward it .
wechat give more experience and give me best service that solve all my problem .
this new version always show that i have new msg but when i open the app , there be no msg . pls fix this shit .
love the cartoon can be relax .
awesome sticker . phone call , video call , texting . wechat get it all .
very good .
my wife buy samsung galaxy grand prime n instal wechat , it work just fine but then try to make a video call but the camera fail , even after uninstall her phone camera still fail mean cannot use camera n also flashlight , send it to samsung customer service which be waste a lot of my time , n they say it be because of wechat that make the camera fail . seriously u should do something about this .
i like this app . more chat n more fun . easy to use .
nice one .
i really like this app . i wish more of my friend would use it . i find it more reliable than texting even .
nyc then others .
really good app .
great apps , awesome over all .
i love it .
very like .
hate it so much .
top app .
very useful esp when i need to talk to family and friend .
wechat , part of my daily life .
ok , but this link so slow .
always show me chinese people on shake while i m in pakistan with gps work on my phone . plz fix .
voice disappear in a live video chat several time a day .
as long as its free .
like it .
y this app can't load location data .
everyday busy cuz have many job without a public holiday and cannot understand what be mean tire also dont have take a some rest for want to find the easy life .
i can't fwd message in wechat .
this app be fantastic . user friendly with many option that others like skype don't have . i love it .
love wechat .
if i could i would rate this 100 .
clear camera and clear voice . iwant to reinstall please accept me again .
very good .
shake feautre , people around you feature always display result of people from china iam from india fix this and please try consider last see feautre for your further update .
voice quality be not soo good just ok n other main point be tht this app doesn't run on low signal like skype . if this could b fix n it could go on low signl with good voice quality i ll give it five star but for now 3 .
i love it .
some time its take long time to send an invetaion .
work great .
app don not search my location when i be in home . every time say unable to find location please try again . please fix this than ill giv 5 star .
can't download it .
but there may be gender specific search in shake .
will stick in the middle of video or free call . hope the company can help me solve the problem .
good app .
work well and convenient to use with many feature .
the friendly radar just do not add any friend . its ridiculous .
very good .
very good .
i like it .
very sweet .
love it .
nice app .
we chat be just a fake application at first it give an offer or rs . 200 after complete offer they provide coupon in place of recharge . i redeem rs . 80 oxygen wallet coupon and they intelligently ave offet or money addition to wallet and block money addition to that app too .
very good .
very good .
nice thing .
how 2 use dis app tnx .
proper implementation .
its great .
very like .
very good .
i like it .
i want to keep only one account and delete all previous one but i be unable to delete them . please fix this . it be bug .
very good .
why this wechat can no't install to my fon i hate this wechat . wechat just lie people wtf sob .
whenever i click on install it show's a message playstore have stop work .
i cant chat with others .
and i have before this app , it be very good in term of call quality . but when i return to download note qe leave me in english and chinese i can not add official page because there be only chinese , and fan club lifesaving certain . i would like a solution for this soon , thank you .
lord be sweet .
i love it .
why it freeze .
friend fun chat .
gue pisan .
pretty good app .
open , but a behind the duration of the insert out and haddou .
program be weak and open .
it make my life wonderful . video chat awesome and sticker be extraordinary . i love it .
love it .
wechat be a full application that be most appropriate for the pseudo because we see each other .
a great program .
cheater prefer to use your app because they know that we wouldn't know they've in fact ignore someone unlike any other social app you could easily identify that you're ignore and can move on easily .
break on galaxy s6 .
i like it .
mean one thing like i know i go from vdoh wesal 3 on this case reasonable maku thianh or update people jay moan from poor program aaina .
magling prim use .
cant shake near me .
a normal state if the rest .
like bangat .
as much as i .
nor more beautiful than heck . we hope the program be always positive development .
favorite chat app .
splendor program .
thumb up .
keep dc after 20min .
ok super .
i like the application without a doubt .
i like this program .
how many thank to my friend be super .
its good .
very beautiful .
it have lot of sticker that show reality of mood .
love it .
far the most beautiful program that close .
how bear after amtzh tire in the load .
always ask to update my wechat but at google play have note to update . fix it .
he magnificence .
it's cool .
visit me .
off ruthenium why i do not open back peng friend of my chat go full ru .
like i write tpi p . try .
better than what .
sticker cute like .
we be all the same problem . we run a temporary dimension no longer appreciate the intervention , but it be necessary thzh and reinstall again .
w g . mail . com .
kterkiar keteer halowoowo .
i be a beautiful person . the one for the search history to show for this day for your comment help .
good app .
if able to read others non friend list msg will be more better .
i'm not cliem my baleans to my number .
why i cant download this app .
i update my wechat to the v . 6 . 1 but it keep on say server access failure please check your network connection and try again . im use a facebook messenger too and this app be also internet dependent and i can easily send messeges . so i dont think ots my network . it be the update that cause this error suppose to be as good . i rat this 5 star before .
i love this .
be use wechat for a few year now to chat with friend overseas . i couldn't imagine my phone without this handy little app .
really like it , well do .
fast and cute emoticon .
best communication app much better than whatsup , fb orkakaotalk . only line can come close .
im enjoy this app , its go much awsome when have a voice moment .
recall pic and message can only be do within two minute .
cool app .
love it .
like it .
pls make a sign to people who online or not and make sign about the msg have be see or not . its hard to know that people have read my msg or not .
excellent app .
cannot access .
i love all the people .
good my classmate all of them use wechat i be enjoy wechat .
feel good and more enjoy with wechat .
it be a good exp . to use wechat .
love it .
cheat app . i can't to redeem . not work redeem button .
thank for everything .
good app .
this app be very jaelywosting .
on your we chat reward where you give oxigen wallet couoen be not work . they be not give cashback to any one . i and many of my friend have try but nothing happend .
contact people .
very beautiful .
can i download wechat please very fast .
grate for both to find vice versa .
i enjoy every moment of this app .
it be very easy to use and have get a lot of new feature which be very unique .
please make sure all option be available in my we chat .
if photo can send out to other medium , i will give 5 star rat .
very good .
luv it .
hate it now .
kalash sweet .
it be good .
it's ok .
very good .
add pop up when chat .
i'm use this app its awesome thank .
a bite slow but maybe thats just my phone . all the rest be great .
tie with fake app like oxygen wallet and cheat people .
very good .
good one .
can not redeem balance .
it be good .
love this app good n havoc .
worst app .
find new friend .
worst app i ever see .
this be a good site to communicate to other people .
love it .
why facebook only can log in with 1 we chat acc only i wish to link facebook with another acc .
i love this aap .
massage be forward and receive so fast . alot offer be the thing which make it best .
why i cant see people near by option .
the best .
why i can't download this wechat . help me plase .
it's easy to use and a lot of emoticon . can text , voice message and even video call . i love this apps so much .
nice apps .
its good and nice application .
a fail program .
an ok alternative to line . its nice that it let's me add my own custom sticker .
i like this application .
i love this app , i rate this 5 star , keep it up y .
i love this app .
they provide money that be hard to redeem also message and call be bad quality .
i love it .
omg why be my image invert during video call i've try everything but it seem that it's the app's fault .
love we chat and stay connect with we chat . thank you who introduce this app .
all be good but how can i send a music into the wechat moment .
i like .
pretty good .
i've be try to download this app for the last 2 hour but nothing be happen and i'm get frustrate .
it very good .
i love it .
love it .
its fun use we chat .
love it .
for those who want it to be good .
i use this app since i buy my first smartphone until now .
great than line apps .
great app , love it .
hat it .
no solution for problem report . don't waste ur 35mb download on this c .
jamil program .
update this app . plz .
i can't send be msg what the problem .
i can't video chat with my son .
would be qreat if send be indicate .
its good .
like it .
my sticker keep on get delete . one or two sticker from every pack .
a great program .
nice and more fun .
i can't change my profile pic .
very good .
not so good . i can't log in . the app .
i have go down 2 time and i could not use me ask password , send the mns and classify . but send the password now .
not good .
oh well o .
use it . enjoy it .
drain terrible ship .
i like .
add my wechat id leebunz33 .
really like .
all you open the program wesker automatically .
keep ask me to update but can't .
love it .
love it .
very good .
great apps .
i love it .
it's the best sosial network ever .
good app bt the talktime be not give through oxigen .
love this .
i like it .
like it .
i love it because it make me and nani feel always in connect .
very useful .
it's a very good aap for all .
very nice video call .
i like this great tool .
nothing to complain about service . keep it .
very easy to use ui , love it .
i like it .
very fun .
great app .
like bgt .
there be .
very useful .
like it .
there be a problem with swype keyboard , where if you use backspace to delete character , it will skip behind the last character , same with add character . it's a major nuisance . this only happen in wechat . please repair this and i'll re rate this app .
very cool .
i like this application .
can't search wechat id use search box , but always show search error .
we need a front face cam moment sight .
it's good .
very good .
its not function well at all now . i can't see pic at the moment etc . evenknow i allready uninstalled it and reinstall it back its still the same . fix it cz or else there be no function for me to use it anymore .
nice apps .
why in the people nearby lot if chinese people come up please fix .
but sometimes the wall moment buffer cannot see .
i love this man .
very cool app .
good apps .
whenever i use shake option and try to find new people that option could not work at all . option not search any body .
very good .
too many notification officially from we chat .
i hat it . because my video call be up side down . fix it pls .
can't download .
they should not put clear history function , i didn't know if my phone be lag but all my chat history be lose .
very love this app .
nice and good .
very good .
this be the best .
it's great app .
too much use rom .
very good app .
no problem .
i like it .
it be an awesome fun app . but , the thing that bug me a lot be that we can't change the wechat id . can't change it for the second time . this thing bug me .
help me keep in touch with my friend who move to china .
i find it very slow recently . when i send a message , it be never do . when i want to check the moment , it don't update at all .
it be the same as whatsapp but it jas better emoji's .
great app .
good thing .
why someone call me why it so hard to top accept .
almost the best if allow longer article be post .
very good .
very beautiful .
fake app . now redeem balance time service unavailable . go for recharge on oxigen wallet also . totally fake apps .
very beautiful .
it be awesome .
its an easy connction .
we chat be unable to locate your position . go set . always his pop up cm . y i m not to search people nearby .
very good .
a program .
nice app .
its a nice app i like its all function keep it up its a good source of communication i think .
i like it .
this app process will be not do any moment .
like it .
too good .
nice app .
i want more development on this app . plz .
i find the man that i love here .
magnificence program .
very cool .
i like it .
possible renovation aluigat my problem of physician on people live close up talon i have a possible solution to the problem hai .
very good .
nice 2015 .
i love this app . i get soo many friend nd it give so many offer .
heyy beloved bin 13 and hot jasmin my list be still blank . and would do it , if your letter mich would c my account name jasmiinxd4 .
slow , i prefer the previous one .
appendix i like to work fine . but one i can not see the status of talk time and read or deliver message . rewrite the blind . then wait for an answer stupid . please correct .
wechat have help me to get to know people and event important .
i like .
absurdly diss appoint app . worst ever social app . please dont downoad it only cheat the people doea not give any benifits .
very hloowoowoowo .
only one thing be best in this app . walkie talkie . hatke than other .
it be a game but if you fall , you lose .
let's skip the good , cause everyone whom be read can sing about them for day . this morning , the official admin account send me a message say mine be not an official app , and they will try to limit my function etc . wtf ram usage be unbelievable , it doesn't show in process but when i uninstalled , i save 300mb .
love it .
good app .
program sweet bs thion mordo enter the program attach .
the most despicable and most insignificant and dirtier program in the history of the designer google atvowooh .
increase lgi .
oc breath .
er . keren banget .
it's very good .
wechat be block by regime of islamic republic .
very good .
hi camila right hear .
good very helpful apps .
hm . it's ok .
awesome application believe me u gona lov it .
what intalando bone esty accord all 5 .
gatt sweet bs lech fingerprint what open my leach .
islamic state remain in spite of the hater .
hllowowo program but whenever it come out enter the abhdh .
lurv app . best app . much talk .
y i cant send and receive a massage . then i also cant update moment . i try to uninstall n install again . still have a same problem . please fix this asap .
see forward to it .
very good .
ten carrier protein drug .
why do it keep tell me to update the app when i have already update it keep on tell me every single day . please fix it . it be very annoy .
i like it .
very useful .
sweet good program . continue sweet between friend .
wonderful good communication program .
but it create prblm to open .
mirv keteer all maam chglo return from new antvi ptrjacn to aiola solution become talat time bnzlo and bhzvo shaw help me work .
tai k dc .
this app promise 200rs talktime and scam people to use it everyday . hate this app .
nice i can contact my old friend back .
can share information .
this app famous in the world .
can't install 5wordssucks .
be the best .
honest , fun and terrible atnme all winslow .
sweet bs program have become a period of enter the antini him out god refer delete it , and set it to a new night eshetql cder know why .
love it .
love it .
this guy give out free balance cod on oxigen wallet which won't work . fake .
hi when ever i connect for a video chat it doesnot happen i can c the friend dp picture but not video as in liveplz help me solve this .
urgent swing globus mobile application and register all free make money in euro just for view reklamy . pri registration enter my username sponsor . bahor , and get a bonus of me a few euro . good luck to all .
nice one .
its a fake app to fool the user , fuck off this bloody app .
i be 14 year old female and who want to can gladly time at kik write whether male or female annalenal . 2 .
more luanetes not find . moonlight and harmonizeres .
hate dis app .
nice but need to improve to beat whats app .
others can just so easily hack into your account like mine .
it be good .
poor server , failure .
love it .
why wash off you can not download 80 can not be download to the you suck .
very convenient and pleasant to use application .
kug dk .
very gd .
hat it .
very good app for connect friend and people . i love it .
awesome app .
best social network tool ever .
very good .
must have app . better then any other apps .
sometime be bad .
voice call get connect when i try for a video call . version 6 . 0 be better than the new version .
so good .
hang if instal as a secondary user on lollipop .
magnificence program .
very good application .
like it .
great easy way to stay in touch with friend abroad or anywhere for the matter .
the scheme ws by send photoes n by do broadcast msg till 31 st march . u will get recharge of rs . 200 . 00 n after do this we chat people msg tht cash back offer n online purchase . which be not work properly at all . i try so many time bt couldn't get my recharge . and not receive proper response from we chat . pl do not instal this kind of fake app and don't believe in this kind of fake scheme . in this kind of scheme only we chat people earn . nd we get nothing . request u nt to install .
why when i try to open this app , it always make trouble as won't open . acctually , i wanna active my wechat again . just , this problem . dunno how to fix it .
later give bloody waste offer not talk time , fool people and bull shit oxygen wallet not work .
vdo call be better than other software i think so .
love the app but still convince my family and love one to use it so i could add them to my address book .
probly a nice app but smtime it bcm annoy 2 .
reward be nice .
wallet balance . can't use for anything else . i waste my time .
its good .
i like wechat can you update call wechat .
love it keep up the good work .
more remarkable program .
the best .
very like this app .
nice and good .
this be very good .
easy to use .
im use note2 . wechat would notify me about update to 6 . 1 . but each time i click update . it will go to play store but there isnt any button to update just an open button exist beside uninstall button . pls advise me . tq .
why cant download this application wechat in my phone device .
very like .
i've try the link that you've send but that lick it take me back to play store on wechat and still i can't manage get people near by .
chat at its best .
regard give talktime it's bullshit , second thing consume lot of phone memory and ram , if you people be download it for talktime don't download it .
the videocall not work .
nice apps but sometimes it's not work ,
seem to work well but add little to all the similar apps out there .
i use this apps 3 year alrd . love it 3 .
i hate this app it doesn't instal it i felt like crazy for doesn't instal it wohh .
delete it within five minute .
we chatt .
very useful .
always show people from china as 2 km away . shake mode not work .
like it .
it be awesome .
so good .
to whom .
there be .
i wasn't able to post picture or even see my friend picture be this a bug or something .
i log in another phone with type my password correct . then my current wechat kick me out of system . i didn't even get any email , i didn't even get any message to my mobile , protect device be not even work . another phone be different model but i log in without any protection . your protection system totally bullshit . it's not even work . do you call yourself as security admin or be you sleep there i can tell you more bug if you contact with me . this software dump .
good connection , easy to use .
i like .
love it .
like it .
amaze sticker help in make new friend .
easy n simple to use .
love it .
love it .
i love it .
very good .
ok but sometimes can lose connection .
wow we chat be best . they have .
too bad .
cannot see my friend sight please fix this as soon as possible .
very good .
i love wechat .
notification only pop up when open the app . please fix this problem .
why i can't get the application . they always say . during error dowloaded .
its good .
it should not be download . and the task give by wechat be all fake . specially oxygen wallet's task which be give recently .
like many other .
big cheater apps . do not install any1 . wechat team say that 80 rs instant pay back recharge will avail from 1st of april . but when i redeem it from oxigen wallet . its not possible from there . wechat oxigen wallet both r cheater .
always show unfortunately your wechat have stop
pretty good .
love the emoticon .
good luck .
i find a girl and rap her . from people nearby . she be hot .
i love it .
i meet important people here , but now i just want to think of it , like a nightmare . but i still use this for a my friend sake .
nice i enjoy to use it .
hii wechat be awesome and in my mobile wechat work good but cant able to access people nearby . plz fix i even enable the location on but stil its come the same .
good but new verstion be bad but we chat be a long of world .
the best .
i can't receive any message or send any message . beside , i also can't log in . please fix this problem as soon as possible .
i like it so much . nice video call .
it's totally great apps but sometimes it's make my phone hang and uninstall automatically please help me .
not bad .
make people fool . not give reward directly .
love lt .
you guy make us fool . i have earn reward but you tia up with a fraud oxigen wallet which be do illegal work . i never expect from you we chat team . you guy give reward in a trick . you be deserve 0 star . if u dont have money for reward then do not give such kind of crap .
i try download this app from play store as well as take it through bluetooth frm a friend . but application not instal be the msg that appear on the screen . i restart my fone nd tire but it doesnt seem to download . this be very irritate plz fix this bug .
great feature and offer .
hye i get issue that this app get auto logout problem on my oppo r1l .
why my wechat apps can't use camera .
you're the best app , i love you .
video call not clear .
hat it totally . though i compeleted all the activity every day but still didn't get recharge amount . sully app . stigma on the name of indian apps . i give 1 star because 0 wasn't an option give .
awesome app to find people .
enjoyable . maybe you can fix all the problem while download .
love it .
its not at all wrking . specially the shake function . its not wrking .
its easy to connect with ur friend , the best apps in term of video chat what more can i ask for .
nice great .
handy app .
with my new phone , i love it .
waste of do wechat for 20 day i do not get any cash back in oxygen wallet .
very practical .
minus one star for lack of usage outside of china and the annoy splash screen . hopefully more of my friend migrate from whatsapp .
cheat the customer .
i do everything to gain 200rs balance and when the day arrive for me to redeem those 200rs . i click few offer and it get strike in the app . then i quit it and after few min open it again and be shock to see those offer be show as redeem already . if you ppl gonna cheat like this then whats the use for the user to use this app await reply .
the march month reward be useless . no one reward could be redeem for last one hour . they be cheat their user . all reward be fake .
love it .
i like this apps very much .
nice app .
good application .
once i have click in dat eye it jam i m nt able to chat or go to set when ever i open it i saw that jam screen .
with slow .
i can't search nearby people even when my location be on .
great app ever .
its bad app .
fast and small easy use .
great thing .
lot of interest feature boardcast message , moment etc .
so far i nver experience any problem in this app . it's good .
not bad for be connect with friend and loveones .
worst app .
i recommend it .
i like .
i love everything about wechat and recommend it to my friend and business associate alike for the same reason it's so simple to send text and photo , 9 at a time in the most efficient manner i love the walkie talkie feature as well , which be quick and simple denise o'brien , ceo , dome entertainment consult , llc .
like other .
very like .
very good .
kern could talk taou bgt no image a cool i auca bgt .
ahali shi worldly .
y i cannot send voice messaage at all every time i use voice mesage but it do nkt appear the message and seem not work anyoone help me to solve this .
secondary before it .
i love wechat .
tien law .
who will contact me and .
there be .
we chat offer .
have fun to know many people n have a new freind .
i like it .
you guy promise to give 3 point for every 1 minute call videocall daily but since yesterday i haven't receive my point yet . i write to your so call wechat team and there's no respond whatsoever . then what's the point of have the team itself if there's nothing super disappoint . it's very bad for your reputation . shame on you .
nice aap for chat .
on next update of wechat can u put deliver . read . offline . or online .
its annoy me when i want to change my phone number and wait for verification code . when i get verification code from phone call , the code be not match and wrong . whats wrong with this wechat fix it please .
worst app .
easy to use .
better to say we cheat . worst app .
worst app . better to say we cheat instead of we chat .
this be so excite .
worst of all . make fake promise of recharge . i have uninstalled it forever . line and whatsap be best atleast they be not make fake promise of recharge . by this you be decrease your user . hat it .
cool app , nice interface and it work . it's a bite bulky though .
app be good but size be big . also you cannot delete your account permanently by yourself .
why drift bottle be not work .
very good .
very good .
let me download it be a bad app .
just love it wechat .
great for keep in touch internationally .
wish it have the read and deliver indicator as well as show when someone be type within the conversation .
cant log in . i press the wechat icon and it just a blank screen appear .
thankyou i can see my kid as well .
sometimes can't refresh my news and message fee .
nw wechat be get cool .
awesome app .
download suck .
i love u , thank .
so much trouble these day , pic sometimes stick , n so many time show server access failure . hop speedy recovery . go . go . go . be best we chat .
i have be use this app for a while now , and lately i can't even connect to chat or anything . i try and log in and it give me the infamous server access failure , check your network issue . im post this from my phone so my network be fine . once this issue be fix i would love to recommend this app but until then , your mileage may vary .
love it cool app for video call and voice call .
best app .
please make update for this app . i need it so badly . i can't send message to my friend in contact .
my account have be block for no reason . it say my accoun have be log in at another device . cannot recover back . give back my account . i need it .
like it .
superb apps i really like this .
we chat .
pls fix again , new voice like a boy ugly . pls fix ya like before .
good app .
its become porn .
i didn't get the reward for 2015 . i can't redem my balance . plz fix it .
love it .
it's very fun .
there be some problem with my wechat . i can't seem to receive any message from people or receive status . i can't even post something . please fix it . i uninstalled it and reinstall it back . hope it work like before .
like it .
great app .
so much nice feature that won't get with other similar app . record a sight and send , people nearby , shake the phone , ext be just some of the nice feature . the basic call quality be just so clear that i delete my viber away .
i love it .
please . i can't login my wechat account . it keep say that server access failure . please help me .
totally awesome .
pls update if message be read . thanx .
that app be very good , i love it , believe me .
cannot change my profile picture fix this for 5 star .
u have choose .
nice app .
tadhafinu possible with you this identifier ahmeda97393 .
beah amadgoutin .
it's nice .
possible to know what wu launch reason to vacate the program . i have reveal damage and the damage and i h .
a great program .
very like .
very cool .
very versatile .
program special and worth 5 star baarafk friend from all over the world .
very good .
show your profile to anyone and anyone can reach to you . bulshit .
register olunmuyo .
good app easy to call , chat , group chat etc .
very beautiful masterpiece .
worst app ever . did'nt get my reacharge .
badrdashth very sweet and oh good people a ad aa on program kneel h ra al m g haig shi .
bs out of the icon , but it do once again enter bs ptvlh .
mr . s . rowoowoah bs there be a problem in all miss him out the situation of each period ptasir me whitney ashdoba and return it down a second time i wish pleasant problem of epilepsy and cry and thank quantum .
there be no doubt in anopr . s . hllowlaken problem anokl mapetrj alambaal atalaalk china and heck even the tire mean each maatalaalk and ahdarabiy atalaalk .
jamil bs las hejrebh .
very nice program .
a great program .
very good .
wechat erorr . erorr search .
great app do not put a bad score for type 2 and 3 . not discourage developer . from the heart work well do .
nice and beautiful thankyou .
nice app .
full of scammed reward that make you think they're gonna gift talktime n then give scammed reward .
hard rowoah .
after record immediately send fail , the network obviously very good , but often fail , but the reaction be very slow , there be occasionally after exit the land will be display when you open the back , but obviously have no sign out .
can't change id like before so i want to deactivate my acc but you also can't pls fix .
rah program .
dont download this aap . it will be wastegae of time and data . pehele to ye bta du ki ye ek no . ka jhandu app hai aur mashalla kya interface hai wah g wah full of useless thing . and those creepy offer . send sticker in a group dailey to get 200 balance and the best part be hehe . u cant redeem this balance in any easy way after all this what u get baba ji ka ghata . total wastage of time .
love to community worldwide .
very bad app . only make fool to us . i want ban on this app .
gk clear his app .
it be good because it be out of date and always come out of the unit and it be difficult to do once again .
after the update whenever enter the pearl cerp give me out what be the reason .
with oxigen wallet cash offer , it have be a joke . the older offer be better where you could directly recharge from the wechat app . dislike .
serata alaam .
i like it .
eih inn program in the month , about five time be the a .
very user friendly .
umeda great talk of image . internet you can make a very clear interview if good catch .
vav vav .
nice app .
keep on log out and phone so hang .
i like everything .
keo veasna .
and muinto good q penalty ooucas people have it obgdo .
well play .
can you add a switch to front camera option in sight . just like before this update .
its not download .
whatsapp 966506610991 .
very good .
i want to rate 4 and a half actually haha .
can talk and send many picture .
because the real time location out very good .
super klass .
wonderful program .
very nice too program .
very nice .
many pretty good free emoticon .
would've give it 5 star but on lollipop the video call quality for my new moto g phone be not good . while it be work fine when i be use android 4 . 4 . 4 . for the video call i need to switch to skype which give clear picture quality . plz wechat team improve the video call quality as i'm not able to see my own face in low light .
sweet program .
download , and that can not be instal . obviously enough place to install .
a great program .
tapinh and rb m tapinh mean maasir ol annie on the most recent software if tlgoo if tswon solution team work aluigat mastermind hetta mastermind and carry away ahamskm .
lack only have more people .
its for real nigga .
why be most ghanaians not here .
it be pretty bad when you first get it and it say it be not respond so stupid .
not bad .
abielq chat and shake advantage hour what be the aspiration of all foreigner , and message sometimes greet attachment to please the software update .
i cnt instal it , 100 instal but after that it say page invalid . dont know what happen and why . i try to install since 2week but no use . plz help .
all tire . day brief sharply .
very good .
but china's poor , very sick shake up any dust off any mental breakdown .
good software .
why non customer login what do not support non chinese mobile phone login have be less than .
aarpeix khuatcm medicine and out of the unit extort money alekhbh bear niger .
cool . fun with wc .
very , very wonderful .
mavi bs we have the best of it all maavcha akhrjjajjaj .
can't update .
very nice program .
alloush iraqi .
sophisticate and mtaz .
i do all the work whch be ask . now at the tym of redeemption . nothng happns . if the server be busy u can atleast say us to try later . bt no . nothng happen . stay still on d same page . i dnt undrstnd whats wrng . fix dis . plz . else i wuld hve to uninstall ds . none of my frnds get . money . they wil also join me .
be good bad be q be almost always people estrangera so that's something i do not like .
taban program more than haaft and jais .
it be good .
very , very friendly who come up to thank .
pretty good .
i love it .
i love it all my family and friend have join only problem be it take age for my account to work , in the end my mum have to do it for me and that's kinda imbarassing since i'm 10 .
urgent swing globus mobile application and register all free make money in euro just for view reklamy . pri registration enter my username sponsor . bahor , and get me bonus . vsem luck .
you can ask about something . please do so to show who be in the network be onlayn . kogda .
i cannot relog in into wechat , it say please check your network . please fix it as soon as you can .
best magnificence gatt program acquaintance friend bs whole msalhadjih intercostal download it ok . and deserve five anjum rowoowouah .
bad aprill fool we chat not balance rechargeable .
ok banget .
too love .
nhitkm dear aldoaash bastard on the land of mesopotamia , my grandson india eat liver nshakkm shoe iraqi soldier wherever you be oh rat .
peace , mercy and bless of god . there be a problem all i'm try to run aasirlh stk i solve this problem .
i like anonymous chat .
niveen nice .
worst . give recharge from oxigen another bullshit app .
sukak bngt .
yes , continue to improve .
very heil and i bstmta beah .
it happen for a long time now , keep log me out without my knowledge . redownloaded and change password but still keep on auto logout for no reason . have send complaint not once but thrice without any feedback . disappoint . keep me wonder what's the use of that feedback thing when it doesn't even do a damn thing . and now i can't tag people , press the button and it auto jump out of conversation after press the name of a person .
seko . mu .
worst . at tht time , not show my we chat balance . useless .
what i call super .
ui should be improve .
any feature . of app be not good . please . don't . install this app .
like skype .
the worst app i have ever see please don't install this app . they will definitely cheat u people so be aware of it .
very satisfactory .
lag la bro .
too much bullshit axirdada .
lot of friend use it . easy to communicate through wechat . great app .
not so good .
wah . nice gk ya .
i like it a lot . hahaha .
its really nice .
aqaadanzlh aktrmen time to noandmaedjl him out tlqaa please alrjaechow lana solution to the problem and delirious allbr . s . star alsmeklha .
gud app gud support and bug fix .
id line . saifon 2541 .
feel good .
i like it .
its nice social app but little bite difficult .
add the .
i love your new update version . it's qualitative .
try to see if a new one .
more than great .
very good .
contemporary like it flawlessly , something yet .
i love this app . its great , especially shake . i get to interact wth lot of people around the world .
we chat .
we chat make fake comment and promis to recharge 200 rs it be fake and they change it in the between of task this be not fair and oxygen wallet also not work it mean u make fool on aprail fool uninstall everyone .
not give redemption option for balance maintain . only they do be fool people's and fake promise .
no problem very smooth .
tai donload lola .
chinese people will use software .
better than before .
so far i've have no problem with this app . love all that picture you can send with your message .
be so lovely .
very nice .
but have to improve more for reward option .
for less micro signal .
really nice app .
this apps do not work my mobile samsung galaxy j1 halp me please .
good for chat find more friend .
very good full .
its doesnt work .
youcef . tama .
its an awesome app . its give a chance to make new friend . download it now and try it .
this app be so good .
simple but nice .
it easy to use . i can find more friend in this application . i be fun use this wechat . and it s the easy way to communication with other people .
the mostly use social application .
all for work and go more stable on voice call . keep up the work and work on more better for more stable video call .
thank wechat team .
when i try to wechat other it do not send any voice message at all , and i try surf website and it work . please fix this network access error .
very nice .
i like it .
good app .
sweet program .
like it .
very good .
very good .
great app .
very good .
this time you make us fool on 1 april bye give silly coupon instead of 200 recharge .
like it .
very useful application but sometimes the message be not push , you will get to know only when you open the app .
i like .
it's great .
very good .
get problem when type . laggy and at the same time if i type you yo only . so i type use sms . everything ok . moment update sometimes wont appear .
plz help all people .
great app .
pretty good .
very useful .
bloody hoe fool people with their scam promotion contest . good for nothing . even without any promotion stunt like this , whatsapp and hike be way better . peace out mofos .
voucher . no . av7nkxhopm .
wtf . u guyz promise to pay rs200 as free balance . nd nw . instead of balance . u give us such bull shit offer . i want my balance back . if u cnt keep ur promise den juz dnt give such bloody offer .
the best social network so far .
it's ok .
beautiful and wonderful .
we chat .
phone hangness and cheat the recharge credit by waste offer .
i use this app to talk to family all over the world . it work great for me .
best app .
wechat everyday .
it be good .
love it .
very clear . when i make vediocall to my loveones .
i complete the march madness . i have 200 rs in a account . but still can't redeem it . fix this .
so good .
i just love this as it help me keep in touch with all my friend .
very good .
tempt people to download we chat by not give full information about the offer . at the end you come to know that the redemption offer be complete bull shit .
like it .
the deal be of offer balance bt ine the end these ppl give rubbish coupon .
it's good .
sweet program .
i hate this app .
very good .
good app for communication .
top post .
don't install the wechat app . it ll not give any award or promocode . it's wastage of time . if you instal . uninstall this app . don't trust the wechat app . worst .
easy to use .
nice apps .
v . good .
there be .
very like .
be the best .
this app suck doesnt give any recharge .
how to recharge .
i love wechat .
pretty good .
this appl its the best appl yo .
always give us mobile talk time offer .
very good .
how to share a song on moment .
its a good social network app . but please don't provide voucher for redemption on fake apps like mobikwik and oxigen wallet . its really irritate . provide voucher for paytm or freecharge instead .
why my wechat can't search people nearby for this past 2 month should i reinstall again .
its the best app that i instal .
very good .
i login my id on phone and pc . now i can not login my id . because it be in the block . how do i get it back help ea . i really need my account id back .
nice app .
sometimes the message that my friend send to me i cant receive or receive in few hour later .
don't download guy . they ll say this offer that offer . at last they say to buy this buy that .
the moment and friendlist system suck . you cant even see one's comment when you're not one's friend . it look like my friend be talk alone .
my wechat wont let me see moment post . and also my own post . it keep on say no memory blablabla . something like that . my phone can read my sd card , but the wechat dont . just why hmm .
it be good .
this app be very good for social network . voicecalling feature be good may be improve . a very good feature that i like be sticker and last but not least good app for communication with friend and family .
you promise a mobile recharge reward but instead give the shitty cash back on some third grade fake app call oxygen . f ck you a hole .
i will give 5 star but 1 thing only . sometime my wechat auto loq out . can tell me why .
love it .
it help me make many friend all around the world .
though not as widely use amongst my circle of friend , it do use much less battery and resource on my phone . i'd highly recommend wechat to anyone look for a different message app .
superb app .
5 star if i can save my 4g 3g by pause notification update from group that be not of immdiate concern and re enable notification sync with wifi .
i love wechat .
i get strong internet connection . but my chat always not send . please fix it and i will give 4 or 5 star .
this new we chat i cannot log in they say be this your name but that's name that's not mine please settle .
i love wechat but sometimes make my phone very hang go i use video call so yeah but its great i love it .
download many time cannot suceed .
its okay .
very good .
nice app .
luv it app really .
i don't like because they don't give us any reward of balance i'll try but no code be give why they do this .
it's great meet people around the world .
worthless in my opinion . litterd with dodgy people and doesn't have feature that other chat have . too fiddly to handle .
love it .
love it .
excellent apps .
ok lah .
the button proceed be not work during reward redemption . this app be not even work smoothly . what should i do .
like it .
ok . have fun .
chat msg be not deliver it show send notification and frequent disconnection on voice call with extremely poor voice quality .
it doesn't even deserve a single star . they only know to fool the people . bc . l nd se bhi bura app hai . bho di wale log ch ya app bana diyee . balance redeem karne gaya toh no server aa raha hai .
i hate this app bcoz this app only fool to people about free recharge but not work in really .
its all fake . no balance we can redeem after the complete of the give task .
best one .
bad app .
all recharge thing be fake , u dont get anythng by do activity .
love it .
fake you tell that send sticker earn 200 rs but i do not get .
i really luv it . it easy to use .
say we get balance for do some task daily for 20 day , now show bullshit reward thing . keep that reward in ur you cheater . may your company bankrupt soon . i and other innocent people curse you . it's not about that 100 or 200 rs , i don't give a damn about that , it's about cheat and misguide people .
cause i can chat with my lovely friend .
worst app .
i can't log in my fb account phone number and email say that password error account error .
gud app but the only problem be that during video call its buffer a lot .
i can send people online and meet different people on the whole world .
nice , simple and lot of fun .
not bad .
too many ads block my phone's virtual keyboard i mostly need to tap the multi task icon bar of my phone and go back select this app again so it will go back to normal without ads pop up then later will come back again will be disapearring and go back again it's so irritate since the space bar and the arrow key to send be block by the pop up ads so i can't press them pls fix this thank .
thank for wechat .
i love wechat and it function but there be a prblm here there be offer to the task in march and i have do successfully and i have get reward of 190 bt i cant reedem my balance it display that 503 service unavailable and no one be there to handle the request so plz slove my prblm n help me that i can redeem my balance after this i will rate it with 5 star plzz reply it fast .
i can't redeem my balance its say server failure and also we can't redeem our balance to phone .
i love wechat .
like it .
no comment . i'm satisfy with their service .
nice app .
the most cheater app i have ever see . guy never send sticker or anything like that for balance because u will not get that . instead of that u have to play lottery with those balance . a new process to cheat people . and as usual wechat will remain far more back from other apps .
very good .
what a bullshit app it be . every time i try to redeem my balance it show server not find . fuck with this app .
not for all the time good to use this wechat .
i want to delete permanently my wechat account . tell me how to .
reward not give on time pls fix it . after i give you 5 star .
mr . cheater i don't get my free recharge of 200 rs i do all the job . but i don't get the free recharge . it say that error page in that redeem page .
i like .
faku app . now redeem balance time service unavailable . totally fake .
i don't know what's go on when i try to use reward point , but it's show sm server not find 503 error .
what the fuck app my life first very bed app i never like this app .
this be cool and fast .
we chat balance be fake . this bastard doesnt reedem at ol . nut hate a lot we chat . fuck . i be not a fool that i start to brodcast msg for free balance . its 12 00 pm now . the app say redemtion will start 11 00 be 1st april .
dis app be not be download .
the connection always delay .
i dont like this application .
nice apps .
not my no 1 but one of favorite .
cheat customer .
i suggest do not download this application .
i fuck this app .
its nice to use this app to contact my friend from overseas , icon be cute too .
very nice but pepole not use in worng way this social network .
very nice .
can't make video call wit my sony t2 ultra .
hmm . please repair it .
we chat .
i can not log in .
i love it .
awesome voice call facility .
very nice .
the great .
very good .
at this moment no problem at all . keep it up .
i cant use of people nearby option cuz of network connectivity error .
cool app .
love it .
eat too much ram . and lot of space .
block my id twice . i'm not able to login .
pretty good .
pretty good .
good apps .
i can chat with my friend . very nice .
i like its .
love it .
worst ever and problematic app loss connection and feature don't work waste of time .
the app just delete everything and kick out my log in . when i sign back in my conversation have be delete and no way to get it back . extremely upset .
very good then whtsapp .
wechat be fery good .
the app use ios interface convention . it be slow and crash for me . uninstalling the app and reinstall give me error 24 , which i could only fix by delete a folder with root privilege . the service do not work well on pc .
very cool .
i use it everyday as my company when i'm alone and a much better way to communicate with friend and new people as well .
i get log out of wechat so much everyday that i need to resign in and it's so annoy . i don't know what's cause it .
download the app for my corporate account . give me a server error whenever i try to register . download it ten time to see if error would go away , n it hasnt . kindly fix this asap , its get appal .
best chatroom ever .
tam on .
very good .
i really love to share my moment by use this apps .
very helpful .
like this .
i can't hear my incoming voice message so pls fix it .
nice app .
we can send picture and some of video to friend .
we chat .
make me feel enjoy with it .
thumb up .
it's awesome .
i like wechat .
face server error for more than a year . recently error 10087 .
i want to delete my whole account and don't know how .
like this apps .
very like .
why i can't install wechat .
excellent application .
so good .
best app .
after i use wechat , my world have be change , i can meet all my friend and family here by wechat .
it's excellent .
no people nearby . it say not able to find no one .
much more people miss use it , many sexcule and fake account not secure for teenager .
i would like to update version v61 but it fail too even i go download ownself .
love it .
v . good .
input correct password but it say error , sms not send to me to verify , use email be also error .
lovley app and its work .
cool app .
so far so good .
love it just hope they can save all conversation .
i like it cause the video call be really nice .
its so nice and convenient to use .
i doesnt have video call even always update this wechat . why .
i love .
shake don't work with me it say tray again later .
it seem like facebook can post everything about something good or bad to friend . it make we be all so close . like family . thank wechat .
browser can use some work .
wtf up with all the asains .
my own .
great chat .
not download .
use good .
very beautiful .
i love it but i lose my old ids .
love the video and voice call .
nice app .
great app .
great app . won't show comment or fee from people you be not connect with .
its too much fun and good work software . i like it new person be to close on it . thnks .
love it .
i love .
jamil program .
can't log in , don't know wht happen . it work yesterday , but not today . it keep say unable login 4 , 1 , what be that mean please fix .
it's the best messenger app i have find . i've never have any trouble with it .
too good .
i love that .
very good .
very bad because 3 time download . not login not singup .
apps that standout for make the world better . love it .
i have be use wechat for two year . it superseeds all other contemporary social apps . it be simple , easy to use and quite user friendly .
very beautiful .
very good application .
nice one .
very good application .
very good .
i especially like the translation to reveal the difference from other program .
qasim kufi .
i be a bite doubtful about instal it . lucky i do . it work beautifully . thanksalot .
love the app . very easy to use and with great feature .
the glass jar with wan .
lech possible to know after maanzl aloecat me 5 or 6 to lage enter it automatically come out of aloecat possible extent of the problem and say wayne fraser solution .
bad program gaah . ansgm not load every day record hsab . omaeviedk anything .
this app be amaze . it allow me to keep in touch with my family , even when we're travel internationally . my favorite part be that it allow me to have an audible conversation with them via the record function .
initially shake result wre good , now get only black n fake type shake search . so kindly fix it , i rate 0 . 5 .
absolutely nice app .
just super app .
better chat .
me encata .
my account be close properly use suddenly be block how you want me to give you five star it please help me unseal well thank xiiaolinn9885 .
good app .
be type .
thank good .
mp3 emit a friend do not take the two star be enough .
love it .
selamat ggs259 .
not bad .
photo and chat and video .
let chat .
cant delete all post i have write in wechat 6 . 1 . kindly guide me please .
very good even like .
trs lbih intrigue cin .
best app ever .
excellent hadda .
social program .
reach be very nice very nice .
why the wechat id change option be not available i would like to change my wechat id from arunmejka to aruntalukdar . it would be appreciate if you could comply with my request .
to chat .
a great program .
good communication medium .
rowoah bs renovation huai ask .
a great program and a beautiful .
why always cannot hear people talk , want to report .
love it .
it help me to have new friend .
very cool .
so many anr even on good interne wifi 4mbps speed on every screen . finally i be uninstall wechat .
be the next best thing .
when i try to log in it won't let me .
it's awesome .
great app .
very good .
why my wechat can't hear a voice message or make a video or voice call it always say wechat not give respon close .
stupid software just know block other software to keep itself . tencent be also stupid , only afraid other company put information on wechat or qq for free . stupid competition . even i can't share a song on it . stupid .
keep crash , and i can't add to my custom emoticon and sticker . pls fix .
very good .
nice one .
not bad .
the best .
cannot load file from moment .
app be gud but i think lack design .
notification doesnt work . i only receive a message when i open the apps . so i miss many thing . please update .
very fine .
very well .
why i cannot log in with my id .
and wu .
the best .
i love we chat .
very slow .
i dont have the feature of drift bottle . why .
easy to use .
love it .
i cant install this app . she say invalid code . whats that .
love it .
discuss i m call to my friend but it be disconnect every time .
i love it .
i'm use a tablet i need to login with my phone at the same time so stupid to switch between two device . be smart wechat .
don't make this app too large in space because it will make our phone deficien of space . but i really love this app . it can connect us quickly .
i love use wechat , but it doesn't want to be download .
good app .
long before .
very good . app .
keep it up .
love this app .
awesome app .
we chat soon good .
chua dc tot can cai thien them .
why it wont load new message .
i be not able to video call nor voice call after the . uodates . disappointment .
very good .
thank we chat .
great apps .
very good application .
very cool program .
how can i delete my wechat account because i have another one with different phone number .
everything be good except for video chat which be the main use for this app . my camera always be upside down . i have a visual land prestige 9q tablet .
agel d download .
very good .
so good .
best app .
love it .
luv it .
very good .
this be coll .
this be a great app . reliable and convenient to keep in touch with all your buddy and the active world .
awesome app .
this be not work in my divice .
pretty good .
very convenient .
easy to find people around you .
because i can chat with my friend .
i like that .
pls i want to download it make it fast don't cancel it .
awesome love it .
o like this application .
very good .
if someone be call me , nd i m use someting else other than wechat , wechat do not show me call and message . in fact after so many hour it show me that someone be call to u .
i hate this because it always say this phone number be inavlid what be that even mean but don't worry i be use my mom's wechat while she be not use it .
it's very fun , i like to play a wechat . its so funtastic .
hope that there's a way to upload video as well .
nice apps .
love it .
like it .
i very love wechat .
it's can release my tension when i'm stress . and i'm very like it .
we chat .
i very love this sosial chat .
i cant download it i hope u can help me with this .
make more easy to axcess and use . make some thing new to support the application .
love it .
because why not .
so good .
i like this .
love it .
its better than we chat and another apps .
i easy to chat an friend and voice call .
it never fail to connect anywhere in the world .
fix the slowmotion .
usage be very good .
i lose my new phone at the end of last year and i have be try to log in again with my old phone . although i my account be right and the number be the same it keep say my acc be not valid wth and i can recreate a new acc either .
good app .
with cute emoticon .
i cant update the new version . can someone tell me how to update .
it do not let me in . why wechat just why huhuhu .
like it .
what a great app for social communication .
very good .
would please add the feature like line messenger which have the number of unread chat on the wechat icon others be good .
love it .
love it . great app .
its easier to connect with your friend in anywhere , especially in china . a lot of sticker that free .
just show operation too frequent . waste app . cant chat also .
friend radar cannont find anything . im frm kerala and im any time shake my . we chat phone only display chinese people . its horrible .
super application .
very beautiful .
can't access from another device .
love it . very useful copy of whatsapp with other user from elsewhere .
unable to download .
hard to find a way add people or public feed .
it's a gud chat app .
not good .
keep close after launch .
can't log in with my number . 012401013 . why .
be the best .
love it .
to whom .
to connect with other people .
realy very useful .
i love wechat .
i like .
just need little upgrade feature in chat .
it use can easy and very clear video call .
love it .
good nice .
automatically go uninstall .
it be easy to contact friend and family .
now you can make a phone call .
sophisticate program .
very good .
nice app .
best chat app ever . love it .
very good .
just awesome i love this app , but what a pity that i cannot see who be online .
ir be a shame only chinese use thia app , i like todo hace all muy friend from guatemala here .
im use note2 . wechat would notify me about update to 6 . 1 . but each time i click update . it will go to play store but there isnt any button to update just an open button exist beside uninstall button . pls advise me . tq .
what the hell happen to acc i cant log in say someone have log in to my acc in another device fuck you .
love this as its really fun , interest and my kid enjoy the game very much . keep it up .
really useful expecially video call .
really help me .
fantastic app .
it's really nice to communicate with .
good social chat . i love it .
that's fine .
nice job .
this app be great .
really nice to chat on we chat .
not able to see people near me and drift feautres .
very good .
with each update it be get bigger and slower . initially it use to work seamlessly on old android now even with new handset it lag . and there be too many service that be still chinese . bring it up in english or indian . i love this search people near by .
pretty good .
gps open up but unable to search for people around , sudden internet shut down use up drift bottle chance , or even every drift be unsuccesfull . major instant message send unsuccessful fix .
i like it .
sometime the apps get problem . and the sight so jiffy . but still enjoy the apps .
why i can't share my music to moment use ttpod .
thats good .
like this apps . so muchy .
hate it because why so hard to download it when 56 it stop download errk .
awesome app .
it be the best .
keep notice for update 6 . 1 but when jump to play store , it show only open icon .
i can not log in , this application be very flaw , the other no problem , facebook , youtube and others , but these application have always say failure and check your network connection , . this be really annoy me , if this application be so flaw , you should remove just this app from android . its annoy u know . fix it now .
deserve a five star .
when i call some one its say use busy try later .
it's so good for communication .
use it all the time it's so great to be able to connect with people from all around the world .
so good .
there be no message bounce notification server connection notification . so my message be not go through , nor be i get incoming message . but there be no error message so i just think people be busy but it be the app's fault . have to uninstall and reinstall the app . pathetic .
i love .
easy to use , bt last see and menting of online must also b dne , othrwse d app be gud .
love it .
like it .
i wish for dual cam use for sight .
can see people around us .
love that i can chat with my brother in china .
voice call clarity among all other apps , number 1 we chat .
very good .
not gud .
very good .
very good indeed .
the best .
cool app .
just do it .
just nice .
cool app .
i can not log in , this application be very flaw , the other no problem , facebook , youtube and others , but these application have always say failure and check your network connection , . this be really annoy me , if this application be so flaw , you should remove just this app from android .
it's good .
great app .
thank you .
i love this so much it so much easier instead of go to the person face for there phone number you can chat on this .
i like it . do what its suppose to .
nice app .
love it .
like it .
thumb up .
i can chat with everyone , my friend , my family , my sweetheart , sh . its so different from other apps , ofcourse wonderful .
good apps .
take a look .
won't even download stupse .
this app always save mah day but sometimes it give me trouble . no audio or so ever . just keep it up wechat .
i like it .
nice app really sticker be awsome . but its problem with shake and i don't have option of ppl around me .
i cannot log in with fb acc . server time out . what go on . please fix it . tq .
the program become endorse the problem , include those close to find and enter the program to automatically inform .
aarpeix khuatcm medicine and out of the unit extort money alekhbh bear niger .
update moszen . mandhav update image mtaatbdl gero . h can not rollover .
i think this be just me but everyone be face the same problem as mine i cant send chat , moment and update my profile it seem like it cant connect to the server but my internet connection do great if this be permanent after 3 5 day , i'll deactivate and uninstall because its take space in my phone for a malfunction app though . please fix asap .
mvidouhlo program .
this application use to communicate with your love one where no one interfere , nobody see you on the network . it be safe to immerse themselves in the virtual world i put 5 .
talk to me .
raea program even more sweeter privacy shi and notification mean bstkhaddmo all the goodwill .
so good .
why get into and out of the program ola .
very good .
good chat .
very good .
nice app .
very sweet .
this be very nice . i love wechat .
help to connect with my close buddy . really crazy sticker .
contact a wonderful program , there's just one problem do not allow me to connect after a period of tnzleh i hope to resolve as soon as possible .
love it .
first time im download this thing , someone please teach me how to use it .
so nice app .
good bgt .
like it .
when connect to a bluetooth headset , if the other voice be long , if it will be reverse when the phone back in his pocket earphone , bluetooth headset can not hear . prior version do not .
alway error and inssuficient space on device .
top markotop .
how to use wechat on desktop .
awesome everything .
more accuration for range to gps .
nice app .
after the new update i cannot open it .
love it .
while talk on voice call loudspeaker get on automatically and the call get minimize in the status bar .
nice app with great combination of privacy and entertainment . keep it up .
its large memory space .
very good .
i love its wechat apps .
voice call be not work . why .
good to use .
i love it but please solve this video call sometime problem .
nice app .
i be look for a messenger that i can connect to certain people only . but this app will automatically broadcast to all of your contact that you be just instal this app . and there's no way to delete the account . of course there be but won't be easy and straightforward . enjoy .
it say something about unable to download accord to the wifi . it really suck . it take about two minute or more and now it say something about the wifi . y mom help me on the wifi in the morning .
i like .
why sometimes its block shake feature on my we chat id its rubbish .
good app .
love it .
i like it .
a great program .
love it .
great app . i love it .
gorgeous and easy .
we chat crash when i snapp a picture send thrue msg its autorestart apps .
it's very effective for communication .
use it almost daily to keep in tough with my global work team .
it always crash . i have to reinstall all the time .
i enjoy really because of this app .
nice app . upload outsider sticker also .
only one app who give you great call feature .
nice app .
just improve it more to give another star .
its a big size app . so use some problem . please reduce size , blow 25 mb .
best app .
its so good .
wechat be the best .
fail everything .
we chat be a great app , but mus5 control it well , otlr not most of the time will be spend on the phone .
error downlouding it .
love it .
fd shi .
so good .
very nice program .
ok , i can use it now on my new phone but i will never give 5 star , i be instal wechat for one of my customer and that verification s take forever , 1 month almost .
awsome app .
amaze app .
wechat seem to have problem that i have to reinstall after few week because i can't receive or send any message . other apps doesn't have this problem .
tomorrow never die .
love it .
less custom sticker storage , cant save more than 150 , old version better . even latest version but will lag when too much incoming text .
that's fine .
make we easy to communicate with our fren everywhere .
very beautiful .
if it can know who have see ur massage anot will more batter .
love it .
like it .
nice application .
every thing download it .
very good application .
nice app .
the best .
easy to use .
good for people not for me .
its say i've be ban and report too many time and log in form another device . why be that keep happen .
because shake go to china or some other country .
like most .
i like this shit .
when i open it say that unsupported application . uninstall always . and i need to install again so that i can use . fix please .
i like wechat .
this app be absolutely amaze . love the new 6 . 0 interface .
i very love it .
i enjoy use wechat , especially for call service . wechat provide good quality of sound and never failure like another application .
so good .
this be wonderful apps .
can connect with my d .
nice app .
very good .
i like leave voice message day in and day out , as well as short video etc . great app really love it .
i like .
hi there .
it's cool .
hi get many time problem in we chat . now i need to install again becus my first we chat i cannot open when i ask that i forget my we chat password they give again we chat but all be lose my friend contach and many important contach .
very good .
like it .
please make the notification real time when show up in the notification bar , it show but after like 5 minute .
now . i can talk with walkie talkie and i like it .
there be .
how to share video or song .
it's convenient . i wish there be more convenience with share file . i also wish there be an easier way to sign in on a pc .
i always use it .
please auto delete friendlist who be remove block user wechat .
i also reinstall for more than 3 time .
i really this app .
me and my fiancee always communicate through wechat . thank guy .
t very good on the app .
it's really nice to communicate with .
very slow pending message video call slow always problem .
the base .
lovely app .
good way to talk online .
very good .
cant able to download . error message this app cant be download .
good chat .
very cool .
it's a lovely app .
love it .
the call wre good but then da audio be bad bcoz we could not hear anything at time .
why my acc always make same problem . take to long time to send my chat and also get no notification when people chat me . when i log out then want to log in back also take an hour . why fix it please .
not work good it be keep disconnect while i'm chat please fix and keep logout please fix this .
ppl leave group chat without notification .
be so they more .
awesome app .
we chat be really amaze .
love it . it can help me to cotact my mother .
very like .
one great app .
simply the best .
so cool and awesome , u must have it .
i would like to rate it 5 but the problem be my wc doesnt load for 2 day . it do hapened several time before n its get irritate . please fix .
but when i try to open it , it's always need a password .
good clarity in video call do really good work .
wen ever i m use shake function its find only chinese , japanese friend for me and people nearby be too not work i m fedup . i request to developer plzz tell me how to resolve it .
my wechat isnt work right . always hang and the message cant recieve . the connection be to high but when im usig this app isnt work out . fix please .
be very good .
i like wechat .
its nice but still can make it a bite more interest .
awesome app .
there be .
nice application . keep it up .
i like it .
suck the size be just to big . literally i've to clear the data bcs my storage size isnt so big . pls make it simple .
cant conect beacouse of the new version .
like it .
can't download wechat .
love it . it have a date video .
nice app .
why wechat cannot stay too long in my phone .
but we chat be still laggy .
all of my message apps be work just fine except for this one . be use wechat for a while already and all you give be message that could not be send my last review of 1 star be still the same after all . crash , non responsiveness . slow . please fix this . thank you .
i love this app .
make fast and easyer .
i love it .
i dont know why , but i have to close and reopen the app to update message and moment everytime .
nice app .
just like i can't see that who be online and when be anyone online last time and massage see option etc .
great app and work's well .
awsm sound quality great . u cn meet nw ppl .
one of the best apps of this genre . voice video game . i wonder us there anything you cant do here .
it work pretty well . i can't complain .
very good .
i cant send my msg . it's not show the send button . please help me .
very cool .
like it .
whats the problem dude . it keep disconnect after the update . dont love it anymore .
not sure if its my network cos i'm battle to download wechat .
best application in play store .
very good .
nice apps .
great app to stay connect .
nice apps very wel vdo support .
i love it .
i like this app coz its aswomm and grat .
i love we chat .
love it .
i can't shake result .
its my first time .
i love you .
ya its nice app for chat .
i advise to add friend by type their name by not id .
very nice .
i love it .
need more promotion .
much faster response than facebook . it's a combo social medium and message app which be quite smooth and respect your privacy .
i dont know wht this be happen . since two day ago , i cant log in into my wechat . it keep say no server bla . i have no problem with any other social apps . i have to uninstall and reinstall it . please fix this .
like it .
i like it .
please improve more , that user will know who be online .
i would have rat 5 star if the quality of picture in moment improve .
where be my offer rs60 recharge .
2words love it .
excellent application .
interms of send the verification you dont send anything when you try to verrify through it doesnt work to . ah your app suck .
very like .
why get people quit at the group , before this can see , after this update , cannot see any people quit the group . this be why .
enjoy with it .
pls tell me how to fix my problem bcos in the moment share , there's no option to delete some of the photo . how i take back 2 star at the moment .
cant login . it keep on load . but cant login . even have the best network .
hi , i have be face this issue even re format my phone . i solve it by disable a function call restrict app background connection . hope my share help . thank .
i like .
i've be use it for quite some time , no complaint , but just a small request please change the color of the time stamp . they're very hard to read . thank .
if the emoticon same as previously no set limitation to it , wechat will be fabulous .
the best .
very good .
its clear .
like it .
connection make with people increase your friend list .
can keep in contact with my friend in china so i like it .
why can't i use the wallet function when my system language set to english .
love voice and video call . a great way to keep in touch .
nice apps .
love wechat but when in china . the location share feature use google map and well , google be block in china .
it's a great app .
a good quality apps for me .
so nice app .
the best .
love this app .
awesome app .
excellent application .
love this app . cool .
good like .
low connection . how to solve .
. after update , i'm can't share a link to my moment , pls help fit this asap . thank you .
love it .
jika anda pengguna lenovo a880 , better guna old version . cause with this new version this hp model . i x leh nak chat . out function .
it be nice to chat .
very good app .
i cannot send of receive any message in both wifi or 3g . please fix that asap .
very good .
i get problem for wechat sight , everytime i play my record sight , there's a green flash and line in the video . please fix .
me gusto .
why i cant log in wechat . keep automatic disconect . please fix it .
it's not .
i love this i like you we chat .
very good .
cool and awesome . tremendously worthy . you'll like it . it's the best chat app .
love it .
it work very well .
its great .
love it .
everything be fine except the history backup take too long .
love it .
good app . have be use for a while now . but what be up with the sight it give me exclaimation mark in my moment and i need to press it to load through . but at the end i cant even see the sight . it be kind of annoy please fix this .
it be rubbish so far .
very good .
love it .
excellent program .
good app with new version . thank you .
easy n fast .
love the app .
good chat app .
jamil program .
it's an amaze app i find my love on this app . thank you for help me find him .
i do try but still not work .
awesome app for all .
very good .
wow its awesome .
i like it .
very good .
nothing to be say .
great app tnx a lot , more power .
slightly good . video call and voice call not work . before i use we chat everything be very cool and nice . but now i feel i'm not satisfy i want call and video call pls fix it .
it be a nice application .
i can't log in at all , this app suck .
its good .
very good .
best app .
nice app .
i like it .
but some thing need upgrade like voice call not as good as skype .
very good .
very good .
i mostly like we chat , but on my current phone htc one m8 , my profile picture be replace with a blank image that say . be there any way to fix this as i didn't have the problem when i switch phone before .
i love weechat .
good app .
im very disappoint i put my number to verify me but i cannot receive a code what be the problem i have nothing to do but to uninstall this nonsense app .
shake option be super and drift bottle be fantastic .
luv it .
like this apps its really cool .
like this .
i can't even log into my own account . i mean really it just say log in but it's not do anything when i say log in with sms nothing come through . i want to log into my account and chat to my friend and i can't .
how to share mp3 my moment .
i use it every day it have very good way to keep in touch with family n friend or new friend .
really good apps .
very useful .
its okay , but i love watsap more than we chat .
very beautiful .
good except the call quality be choppy .
very beautiful .
super cool .
a great program .
work well so far .
no word to describe .
a great program .
i cant call through video call .
do wonder for us bbm bba fan .
it have good feature like the video call and the voice message that help when youre on the run instead of texting . it have a few bug but its not too bad .
and sometimes i can't type or reply massage . pls fix it .
like very much .
very good .
pretty good .
i'm do this bcos they tell me to .
can't see any photo . please fix this . unistall and install again , but same . can't see photo of friend .
connect with my friend . more privacy .
very nice app .
very good .
very good .
take care of my acc very close and can tell the world about a precious moment in your lifestyle .
very nice app . i like it . i suggest use everyone . its really good app .
idk why but i can't use the voice to others anymore . i can hear them though but they can't hear me .
very cool .
what be the use full for transfer .
good communication each other .
so good .
very good .
the best app . keep it up .
awesome app .
maybe you need to update like and comment so people also can see what they comment and who like the moment .
very nice .
it's good .
very good .
it be very nice .
good . but its very difficult to send a song in a group .
keep it up .
very good .
we have the best app ever .
i can't contact any person because it just ring and it doesn't notify the person i call . and the message won't send please fix this and when my person call me it won't notify me . please in other word we can't communicate .
good app .
a good .
very like .
wechat dream come true .
evrytym i dwnld wechat and same problem occurd aftr smdays . no memory card . check memorycard . but all mobile do function by same mmrycrd only wechat have problm . so ples correct this system fault .
i start to love it first but soon it break my heart i've be use wechat for 2years now and everytime i try to open my wechat i instantly go to main page mean it close instantly there no say force close or anything its so sad i format my phone and also this be my second id that my wechat instantly close , my phone type be asus tablet k004 , please i need answer for this , why this keep happen .
can't log in .
there be .
i use to be on this app but lately not as before . maybe becausw of new update there's an effect of this great feature just like people nearby . and it's hard to send a message .
best of the best .
hat it take lot of battery life and performance be also not gud very bad worst .
best game in the world .
very good msm .
very like .
we use it to chat , talk and video chat with our son study abroad .
i like it .
like this .
l i , go i ma n hi nh tr ng xo a , kh ng hi n thi , kh ng thoa t c . error , call white screen , no display , no call be ring off forever , and non weave see anything , no escape .
. but . i want pencil pilot . hoho3 .
really great , especially call and drift bottle . can you please add chat head .
this app be amaze .
wechat be the best .
very good .
good app .
i love we chat .
great app .
very good .
this be good for your happy .
good job .
seem okay but please fix the bug .
it an amaze app for social web . i get my life partner from here . i m very happy . thank you so much wechat team . i love it .
who be online and who be offline can't be find . see option isn't there . other than that it be good .
very happy .
meet a lot of new frnds . love the sticker . love the application .
i just love it .
. newest version be really suck .
help me find new fren around the world . thank wechatt .
perfect to connect other people .
i hope we can know someone from any friend .
why i can't open mw wechat .
not look to date just look to share thought for the elder and to the lonely heart that come in sometimes cause us to be lonely not sad just love people . sound look like a waste of time by the comment i see but i have a lot of confidence love myself we all need to know who we be know that god know best he be your best friend .
wen ever i m use shake function its find only chinese , japanese friend for me and people nearby be too not work i m fedup . i request to developer plzz tell me how to resolve it .
good use .
why cant i download this app it always appear that it be an error thats why i couldnt download it . fix it .
its ok but i want to change the version . i want the old version that have a theme . how can i do that .
very good .
nice verry nice app . thank qq for this app .
pretty good .
very bore .
love it .
i like it .
very good .
rat thich .
love it .
love it so much . have fun .
great time here .
love it .
very beautiful .
when i try to download it stop first on 5 and i cancel it and retry it stop at10 why it be happen fix it please .
maybe if you can tell me how to delete my acc i will consider to rate 5stars .
very good .
great app , easy to use and very convenient .
very good application for video call , thank you wechat .
i hate wechat data 134mb . when i be clear data 60mb only . but data be rise again . now my data until 72 . 67mb so pls improvement this app . tq .
easy to use and have a kind of privacy . and surprisingly comfortable and simplify .
i can't use other phone number to login my account , so sad .
not good . evrytime i shake , it's always show the same thing . such as , always i get chinese . but don't know where they come from . please fix it and i will give 5 star . you get it .
very nice .
the search for nearby people dont work on all location .
now be worst didnt show notification in bar , . can't upload photo n keep close itself . something go wrong in wechat .
great communication app .
very sweet .
like it .
i cant backup wechat use helium .
good job .
the crappiest app ever make .
i like .
nice app .
better than twitter , linkedin , facebook . and a lot of business person use it .
love it .
should improve the messenger .
highly appreciate .
but why android can't share music on momment only ios . please .
it work well before until these past few day , a pop up that say unfortunately , wechat have stop . with the option report and ok constantly pop up on the screen . i don't really get the problem s because i have no issue whatsoever regard wechat before now this pop up annoy me every 3 or 5 second . not only that , i be no longer able to receive and send chat . this be very frustrate .
if you can add the search feature by map , it will be perfect .
cannot play sight .
i just love it .
no good .
so sweet to use we chat .
i'm have problem save image with people from each chat .
it s to use .
love it .
5 star for wechat .
good way to find friend , but need more improvement like shake , and near by .
great app .
its my first time .
what a fantasic app . i have experience all other apps but this one be matchless . nothing i can propose for betterment as already this app be encriched with all require tool .
very like .
cannot use it .
it be the easy chaters .
thank you . i cannot use this app .
not bad .
bastard go and take education from hangout every thing show who type who online when online who sms read everything .
i love wechat .
it be good .
easy and user freindly .
i hate dis bcz all feature be not work .
good app .
very good .
get difficult in log in . please help me out . in we chat . forget my password .
i cant download due lack of space but i have more space in my device , please give me straight answer .
happy to use wechat .
great app .
unblock me you piece of shit .
love it .
plz save more memory and fast .
good app .
jamil program .
its a realy nice app bcz by this app i can fine my best partner so thank u thank u lot we chat thanx alot .
there be no option to discover the people in my sony xperia zr uninstalled .
excellent very .
i love it but its to much .
people nearby not work , keep get server error . please fix this issue .
really good app .
i like it .
great app . just love it . the new version be fantastic .
i love to chat with my friend . this the best aps to chat with your friend . have fun guy .
that good .
it be good .
i like it .
get more friend and get also many awesome sticker that we can send it for our friend .
love it .
the download be slowly .
nice to have this kind of apps .
its good .
just okay .
its very good app for call , but it's not compatible with bluetooth device . if you resolve this i will give five star .
last two day be face issue please resolve that if be shake my mobile i cannot see shake friend result always show no result find try again later .
before this i can easily load sight in moment even tho i've run out of internet quota . but then now why be it hard for me to load sight when i have run out of my quota i can only load those sight in moment once i purchase internet quota top up . i wont do it forever to load the upcoming sight right if you can fix this , pls fix .
very like .
i love this app .
good app .
the app be didn't open plz fix the bug .
great app . if only the voice clip could hold longer time .
very good .
i love it .
we know everyone with this app , all around the world .
i have install this app 5 time this week but still cannot log in . it just keep buffer 4 a hole day long . please help me fix this prob .
i like it .
please fix the follow issue . make the feedback system in the app much simpler . like this . allow use of front camera for create sight . allow us to save receive sight to phone . allow rotation to landscape of pic in normal chat single image view . allow rotation of pic to landscape in album single image view for a specific user . the exist feedback system it be unfriendly and have keyboard issue on my s4 .
best app .
pretty good .
very good .
amaze ajpplication wechat team please install pencilpilot game we all love this game on wechat wait for install this fame for last three month kindly install this game .
great app that keep me in the loop with my family with the group chat option . thank to the maker of this app keep create great app like this .
love this app .
we chat .
love it .
i have more friend with this apps .
very good .
it's really nice apps .
very useful .
good app .
great chat apps . my shake option be not show any friend after shake from last night . we chat team pls help me out .
great app .
so good .
good use .
like it .
it be good to meet new people .
very cool too .
hi there .
there be .
love it .
the app be perfect it have become better and better .
good app but i m use whatsapp most .
im love it .
i like it .
wow it's great .
very good .
so good .
love it .
communication never end .
i cannot share my song to we chat before this can be share .
have a problem .
whenever i check this out , regardless of the signal strength on my phone , it always can't detect anyone . what's up with this feature .
very nice app . find so many frnds .
love it's simplicity .
love it .
i love it .
thumb up .
get a lot of funny sticker can be use in conversation , make more fun with friend .
can't live without it .
like it .
how to share a song via samsung si mini .
very good .
i like .
everything work well apart from send picture and voice message . troubleshoot doesn't cover this . still wait for reply from wechat .
how to change from audio to video when i'm talk like tango how to save search by city location like tango how to search friend of my friend that use wechat like tango how to make a group call or how to invite more people in a group call like oovoo people nearby suck , only chinese and arabic . tango have a great peaple nearby .
please make update for this app . i need it so badly . i can't send message to my friend in contact .
i like it .
really good .
all the best .
i love it work good .
it's a great way to communicate with your friend .
get a asian girl friend thank to wechat . dream come true .
that's a good app to hangout with but reduce one star for there be no official chat room and i should be operator to manage and to give business p .
very good .
its a very nice app . i open my account a long back but i never use it . i just start use it from 14th feb when i be in a unknown city . it really help me to find new n good friend . n also some new girlfriend . i rally love to use this app . now a day i don't use whatsapp so much . i just need we chat . thank we chat . love you . u make my life .
very good .
a good chart app very effective and easy to use especially upload file .
wen ever i m use shake function its find only chinese , japanese friend for me and people nearby be too not work i m fedup . i request to developer plzz tell me how to resolve it .
very good .
every think be good but we cant see who friend be online so pls arrange that den supper .
hardly break down .
it its the best app i have .
very good application .
i can't do anything with it like seriously there's something wrong with ur app message that i can't receive , call i can't make woww . what's this app suppose to do then if there's 0 or no star i would rate it like that . it doesnt even deserve 1star .
great app .
provide us very attractive and good offer through we chat .
very beautiful .
excellent app .
very cool .
no people on chat . browse people very bad .
great app . love it .
cant log in with my account really suck . i wish wecaht team could help me recover my account .
good apps .
can't backspace properly with swype keyboard .
like it .
always good . its give more offer to ec .
some of the android emojies . a lot . don't show up , only as period . fix .
can u make a new game . now id 2015 must have a new game . i think new game will make all wechat player happy . and if can i wan a online game with world .
it's really good .
always get server access error without wifi . all of other apps work except this one . very unreliable and annoy .
nxai this we chet thing . it realy suck nxak .
sound good , need to test .
it's ok .
its cool but the problem be that it dosent show the read sign yall should create one of those and ill give it 5 star .
i this be a major compete message app and it hold its own . i can talk with my mom when she's over the pacific now .
always stick , i can't log in to my account .
so far be good bcoz i like it a lot , but crash happen more often .
gud apps but some feature be miss . example online friend not show , e . t . c .
very good .
and the recovery do not work worst app ever .
love it .
vry nice but video call time voice not clear little time .
its ok .
love all the feature translation , voice chat and voice call be awesome , sticker be good too .
fully functional and easy to use .
i love it .
but flour .
five star .
this suck .
really like .
i love my gf than i us this .
the favorite section in chat mode could not be load . i keep get stick on load . which i have wait for 5 minute . because i think it may take a long time to load for the first time . it be not . therefore , i have try clear cache , data to see if it work . but no luck . but i can see all my favorite stuff . all the voice message and shit . it load in half a second in normal favorite section mode on me . iplease fix this issue asap then i would rate 5 star . thank .
try to play the m4jam job but it keep on say that i have to go and complete the registration process whilst i have do it .
love it .
it be good .
i can't login in this and after logins when i shake it's only show me chinese and their location nearby me .
aftr the new udate im not able to search near by ppl . evrytime im use ths option we chat be say that we r unable to load ur location data . althugh my gps be on othr sftwre which depend on gps be wrking fine excet we chat . im use 3g data but not near by option . so plz fix ths bug thn u desrve 5 . sstar to .
the interface can be simpler or more modern . but i love that i can connect with others easily in the vicinity .
great service , can send audio message , text , pic , smiley with easy . right up there with messenger .
very nice .
very like .
good app .
nice one .
sweet program .
i love this .
it be easy to contact with friend , send the voice message and send the photo ,
all the best .
very beautiful .
good app . for all .
magnificence program .
excellent program .
very good .
i love it .
kalash sweet .
jamil program .
why i cant play sight at moment .
i like it .
can't get send chat . keep crush .
be l update whenever tire out of him uncle brief log mr lech whenever antah in with the symbol uncle atalaala kht symbol antah login categorize the sms go out alone and wipe it and carry it pass lech uncle brief kht belthamil argo find a solution to hai almh lh .
good social .
i can communicate with my family around the world .
love wechat .
like a lot , but it's slow , bruise chak yue gin up to the drake .
so good .
nice social app .
ok . easy to use . hopefully can reduce a lot storage . too enormous data file on phone .
oh , there be room for improvement .
i can't receive text for day n cant log in to wechat once log out .
easy to use with news , information update .
very good .
like it .
im enjoy use this .
can discharge the macam2 in wechat .
newer and more well .
very nice .
if it's good i give five star .
to whom .
very good .
after update the initiative to withdraw , can not use fb login .
as already read , there will be the label will be better oh .
love it .
very slow net .
a fail program need ml period delete it and carry it again for you to atoult where all matdechl program automatically come out herjh fraser and fraser solution .
it say phone number be invalid .
super useful . i like .
sof beautiful and very sweet trick .
great little app . especially like the voice message and video feature . picture and video share be a breeze .
very nice enjoy a lot .
it be good .
very good .
to see if it manually or 5s .
so cool .
very good .
its good .
increase functionality . one key to clean all state to find the state also do not require lala down .
shyam dinah .
ina barrel .
petrify bangt for me .
love it .
the very .
the walki call and poor quality . very short and malisima quality video . stability be good though .
why cant send message out and receive . it such a suck apps . please check .
i love it .
ok lah .
i wad chat with a friend of mine and then suddenly i can't . please fix this asap .
great app .
not good . can't see if friend be online or receive the message .
its log out by itself and then suddenly it uninstall by itself . please fix it . asap .
like it .
very good .
awesome medium of connect .
i can't download this application . why .
and find new friend .
good job .
nice you .
hello . everything be totally amaze until i can't log in my wechat . at first , i still can log in use my facebook account but just now i can't even link my wechat with my facebook to log in as always . when i try to log in use my phone number or id , wechat keep say that my account be not valid or i put the wrong password although the id and password be correct . it also keep say that i've be ban . it say this like almost 1 2 month . please give me a feedback . thank you so much .
can't really fault it , work really well . one of the most complete social app .
beautiful apps .
i like it .
no crash , no issue . sometimes sign me out , but very rarely . good for me and for my business .
friendly user . a really nice app .
good app .
the best app .
after rate then can't use , pls fix it asap .
very good .
it's good .
should have no utility . ismaare87689 gmail . com .
i love it . cuz make me easy to chat with my friend . but it use id to add .
rat thich .
hey guy its really good .
the game chat be annoy .
good app .
finally something worth instal .
jamil program .
very good .
when open . this apps lag .
love it so much .
good app .
with it .
i like it .
i love it very much .
good . im respect them . haha
i love it .
very beautiful .
i enjoy alot in this application .
can't stop the annoy message from wechat team delete it .
i love to use wechat .
very good .
join us .
fix the fuck bug .
really tire , cant go properly .
very beautiful .
you need to enable this app to download to android . it be literally the only way i will be able to effectively keep in contact with my chinese host sister . i miss her and need to download this app , but it isn't work .
great app . thx .
like this app so much , in this app , i have a lot if new friend and i meet the half if my heart ,
like very much .
the sweetest program .
best fir voice and video and send file .
awesome apps that connect people all around the world great apps characteristic .
love it .
i like use we chat .
great app .
love it . very useable .
very convenient .
good apps .
i can't see sight at wechat's moment .
nice to meet new friend in people nearby .
wechat always uninstall it self and i have to download it over and over again , didnt happen on previous version . please fix it and give more star .
i just can't use the voice message , free call , and the video call , my friend can't hear me .
love it .
sound quality of the voice call be pretty good and quite stable . only one observation advise from my side during normal voice call the screen should go off when the phone get close to ear due to proximity sensor activity . it would be important fix against random touch during call . so the proximity sensor should be control when the screen be off or on , just like in case of normal phone call through the mobile network . thank a lot .
enjoyable and easy to use .
like it .
best of the rest .
excellent application .
please help me .
work awesome .
i like it .
nice to chat .
need more time to send message on chat .
love it very much .
it's so nice cause i can make free video call .
really gud app .
it so cool for people use .
great for keep friend in contact .
awsome cool .
superb app .
nice app .
every thing be gud .
asif ali .
nice app .
everything in one application .
it's very useful .
this be one of the best apps in the store but it need to add more stuff like last see available or not just like any other app .
pretty good .
very good .
i love it . i enjoy chat with my friend use this .
like it .
love it very much .
we can chat with friend . i like it .
hop for increase in speed performance for the next update . and please improve your gui and make it better . get rid of all the unnecessary thing .
i love wechat .
lot of fun enjoy guy good for chat and more .
why i can't download wechat , its keep say that my phone have insufficient storage eventhough i already delete all my sosial apps .
can help me connect with all my family member . thank a lot .
please fix it i press log in through sms also cannot .
i cant download it since yesterday what be go on my wifi be really fast but still i cant seem to download it . i just can download the half of it why .
great app .
there be .
luv it .
i like it .
plz improve this to like a fb like we make new friend . etc i hope u think about this .
what's wrong i can't even open it .
great apps .
love it .
thank . love it .
i dont see the near by option in my we chat .
love it .
good for all people use , faster and many sticker .
like it .
would be a 5 star app if it didn't keep stop unexpectedly on my honor 3c . it's tedious to keep check the app to make sure it's work .
like it .
good apps .
like to use this app .
i like this aap . really this be too good .
a very nice app . look forward to new update .
nice app .
it keep force close .
let me get connect with friend and get new friend .
nice apps .
im enjoy w this app .
it's very nice to send the bug file .
like it .
i can't find people out they can't find me .
im use it all the time .
i like it .
more animate emoticon would be grrat .
the best apps ever .
while i'm in chat mood pleasa add camera shortcut , and please add mute option .
love it .
so slow when holiday . mother fucker .
it better than whatapps .
i like this app .
so convenient to stay connect w friend .
can chatt with family n friend from other place .
please help me reinstall wechat on my phone . its give me an error message .
very beautiful .
i cant send any friend request through id or phone num friend request , it say friend request have send but the green button wont turn grey . i ask my friend if they have receive my friend request but they say there no friendrequest from me . i hope u'll fix this asap .
why the hell cant i download it .
i love it .
east or west wechat be the best .
it be good .
wechat tencent .
to much lag on my phone . cpu usage so high and i can't play to long . not respond .
it work okay . it doesn't show the correct number of miss message sometimes tell me i miss 73 message when i've only miss 1 . the app annoyingly give an audible notification when i'm on the phone . really obnoxious . i have email and ask them to add the ability to silence motivation when on the phone . if they add this function i would be 5 star for sure .
cool app .
this app be good i'm always use this to all of my phone . video call be so clear also the voice call .
fun and easy to use .
love it .
not bad .
not bad .
i have a lenovo yoga 2 tablet and when i want to do a video call , my picture be upside down and zoom in . i don't think it's a problem with my tablet because when i try to take a selfie , my picture be right side up . please fix this .
i love wechat .
i like that .
work for first time but not any more .
very good .
very cool .
very useful .
its a fun way to keep in touch , i like it . i wish share link be easier , i still dont know how . but the app be great can anyone yell me how 5o share link .
the app won't even open on the htc one m9 .
i like it very much .
love it .
the best apps . for me .
very useful .
i try 3 time but it can't install to my phone .
very cool .
only complaint be the difficulty to send wechat to email .
it just would not open .
sometimes if i don't open it , it won't notice me about the fact that i've get message from my friend .
occasionally use this app because i don't chat too much .
sometime good for me .
great application .
very beautiful .
very useful .
wonderful , wonderful .
great app , super convenient to keep in touch with friend and family .
i think you should be able to search the moment , yours or someone else's , scroll through all the post be a major hassle when you've be use wechat for 2 year .
i can't see my moment and chat have text say no memory card you can't see image video and . help me gm .
i love that .
awesome app with good ui nd great feature . thanx developer .
im feel heavy if im run wechat in my fon . wechat old version be better . im very frustrate . many friend change to other app . please update and do for smooth application . update please .
easy to use and fill with feature . my only wish be that the maker tune it to launch and operate a bite faster and smoother . slightly sluggish at time .
a great program .
every one hour notification highlight .
love it .
dear , i'm not able to find people nearby look around option in my wechat account . plz tell the tip for enable it . thank .
this new we chat won't let me verify my own account , and won't send sms to let me verify in general just won't let me log in because they wont let me verfy myself fix for 5 star .
very good .
great app .
a great program .
very good .
a great program .
love it better than what's that app much more feature than many chat system .
very good .
worst social app i have ever see in my life . here be the con 1 . it's not for other than chinese . even the instruction be in chinese letter 2 . not sure about iphone app but in android , all those shitty feature ppl around u n bottle be not available 3 . it have get nothing but shit . so i would prefer whattsapp than this .
thank you all team . great work keep it up .
very good .
can i remove the region on wechat .
good app .
best ever .
pretty good replacement for skype . good quality of the video and sound . work fast , without glitch .
the new upgrade system be get worst . it's always disconnect . always show network failure , error . can't even use properly wen upgrade to new system . why it's doin like this . what be this stand for .
very nice app .
like it .
very good .
always ask me to update . but when i click update , you realise that you already have the latest version . please fix it . it be annoy . thank .
it's okay .
i leave myself log in . the app be still log me out so i miss two day of message . please fix this .
it's good . bt for last few day cannot use qr code scanner .
very good and easy to use .
when i go to look around when i msg to others . my message be not deliver to them . plz help me from this issue .
the best ever apps .
this be really awesome app for me to communicate my business colleague and my family . far be very near for you wechat . i'm love it .
i dont like it .
very good .
very good .
the best app ever .
its awesome .
connect with long distance people .
hello i do both voice and video call to many user atleast 5 minute but do not get any green 50 please help .
realy awesome .
five star .
nice apps .
whats up and hike be much better than this .
try to improve in seaching people segment and shake .
love it .
excellent program .
not bad .
five star .
very nice .
love it .
it help a lot with my business can translate word perfectly .
to gud app .
very good .
no word to describe . just wow .
so cool use very good .
have issue in the past but lot's of bug fix . thank .
enjoy every moment of use wechat . thank you wechat group .
great app .
very good , i love it .
love it .
love it .
wechat i love it .
fun app .
just put read or last see on the message .
very beautiful .
i love it much .
struggle to down . error . ror . orr .
great function , great color everthing be great .
pretty good .
very poor network , while shake phone only and only chinese account be discover , wechat should work on that .
but when try to update its fail .
video call be very clear but there be some problem in make friend .
its okay for communication , but i'm just give 4 star .
very good .
this chido well .
very good .
i can't use it well . it just for four day only .
lewatt wechatt , aq kettemu sm special someone thx wechatt .
i cannot get in to the wechat after it's update . i try to reinstall for three time . but it keep kick me out to my home screen . what should i do help .
it's good .
good enough .
hi , i've try to install this app but after successfully enter the verification code . i've keep get name not available for almost more than 10 time though i keep change my name combination . please do fix it .
i like it also i cant chat with my wife any time any whare . but put more romantic sticker . ok thank you .
monthly offer , free money which you can redeem . awesome app . never hang .
i love it .
it be good .
there's also payment and transfer on this app . only need more bank overseas country like indonesia that support the transfer and payment . i have try for cny but can not withdrawal to idr yet .
love it . awesome app .
can spend lot of time with friend's . tq .
i love this app , convenience fast . thank .
like it .
a great app to start with family and friend .
great app love it .
i love it .
very bad we chat .
love the app .
it be very useful cause i get many new friend from nearby . i get to meet new love one but doesn't have a call minimizer .
can live without it .
very good .
it take lot of time to start and to install it if it be 2g net so u have to spend an hour to download it .
it work well .
like most .
best chat app .
very good .
very good app .
i like it .
it be a grear app to find new friend or collagues . handy and cute too . but it seem there's a flaw on the gps which cannot connect over mobile data only . please fix , the it's worth 5 .
out of word .
very good .
really love it .
this app really give us much privacy . but its hard to find whose online .
it's great anyway .
i want to show my friend nice song in mp3 format . it might be nice if i can put video from my device to the group . thks if you make it . if dont want , well simple dont do it .
i like it .
i like wechat you can call anyone .
it's work . properly .
so easy for every one .
nice app .
good , i like they hv a lot of cute n lovely sticker .
me and my friend use it daily . make keep in touch easy .
move to a new phone with the same number , i could not access my old wechatid apparently , yet my setting be pick up . overall a horrible , complicate experience that never result in a usable , consistent app fir chat or , frankly , anything else .
love the app but i feel the service could be slightly better .
very good app to stay connect with your friend .
it be good .
when i change my profile picture , it lag during crop the picture .
everyday wechat be my number 1 social medium but suddenly they ask me for my password i have register my email and they say i have an invalid email address . i didn't update to a new version . so what happen i be beg you to please fix my problem so i'll be able to keep in touch with my friend again .
like it .
good work .
but not sow prooer option clearly and guidness be do less .
this be best .
jamil program .
like it .
i like wechat .
everytime i use the voice and video call feature , it only say connection fail or something even i have a high speed internet , btw im use htc one m7 4 . 4 . 3 os . be there other way to fix this , ive be use wechat for year .
i enjoy it . but would really love it if the voice n vdeo call quality would be greater n clearer .
love it .
have some flaw , but even apple be half eat .
i love it .
easy to connect to the love one .
like it .
i like .
worst chat communication evah .
nearby people option isn't visible can't find it at all .
nice one .
awsome app .
love all the thing it can do . thank so much .
great app .
best wcat , faster safe credit and data mobile , thank wcat .
it be useful to communicate .
this be very good apps to communicate with all country person s .
best app .
kindly provide to me status of online friend who be online or not .
very like .
more remarkable program .
good to use . can reference friend update and chat on same platform .
it's very good but please add deletion of picture's comment feature .
i like it .
just wonder , can i actually deactivate my wechat account . i mean delete it permanently from the server and everything .
very like .
great way to keep in touch with my china base friend as they don't have facebook and whatsapp .
sometimes the message will be delay .
customer support do not exsist here .
we chat .
love it .
not that good . always stop . you need to reload the app .
not download in 3g also .
really solid , i personally find it a little user un intuitive though .
i enjoy it . but sometimes always problem in connection .
no comment .
very cool .
will give it 5 star if it didnt stop function when listen to voice record .
love it .
there be no ingoing and outgo sound notification when the screen be on while in app . this feature be available both in whatsapp and telegram . can you add this feature please . im usually texting other while study and write , hold pen most of the time . i be not able to be notify by incoming message of there no sound while screen be on . thank .
it really upset me when i get notification about new game and new sticker .
this wechat very bad .
pretty good .
super app .
shake just stop . does'nt respond . i'm sick of . try again . fix it . now .
oh it's a great day to talk to friend it's awesome .
love it .
easy to have a new friend .
great app .
can't load picture always show download failure or show 1 .
good apps .
4 star to make room for improvement . haha keep it up wechat team and please add minion as sticker .
ilove it .
very good .
it be good .
very good .
never have an issue , and the webapp be an easy tonuse companion to the app .
its great . so easy to use .
chit chat chatty2 .
only offline people , there be not the function to see online people , profile of prostitute should be not allow here .
have translation availability .
the best .
it's the best .
i want to know how to delete my wechat . please help me . i find it be very difficults .
good program .
very user familiar and wide coverage of function .
great app .
pretty good .
very good .
why i can't download to my new phone oppo find 7 .
i like .
clear video call .
i like it .
be at saudi , wechat be very smooth for voice chat for pakistan .
great one .
not bad .
i cannot log in into my account . always say account or password error . this be so annoy . try log in with qq also doesnt work .
love it .
best experience .
that's fine .
might be your browser mine be cool .
excellent app .
its perfecto keep it up .
very good . i love it but sometimes . have some problem to connect . m .
good job .
the best program .
no good .
awesome app yr . free call video and audio . comfrtably .
like it .
i couldn't send message to friend . it keep pop up server access failure .
very good .
very useful .
i like it .
i like this apps .
i'm enjoy this .
i love this wechat .
great app .
moment be not work for this version . would you please fix asap .
pls . fix it .
keep on it . excellent work .
most people to use this we chat .
easy to use .
like it .
very good .
can't record in fragment on sight anymore . still stutter on video call so badly i have to end call . have randomly delete all my message and app data before . absolute garbage image quality in moment .
we chat be awesome .
nice app i make some new friend .
i love it very much .
my favour chat apps . thank wechat .
i love we chat .
i be enjoy this app very much . thank you .
i don't know how to use effectively .
use good .
we chat .
wechat ask me to put 5 star instead of i dun no how much should i do .
very nice .
thank you .
good voice call . inconvenient to download photo and attachment send from friend .
be very good .
there be .
majority of my friend say . their wechat version update to 6 . 1 . 1 . but mine still 6 . 1 . what the different .
but i didn't download wechat .
there be .
when i use voice call sometime it will hang and not respond . please fix this .
why i can't download image . i have new version . but i think new version be not good . its say unable to download image . why .
very good social medium app . love it so much .
i'm download wechat but i can't sing up . code message didn't arrive i try uninstall and install but the same problem no code arrive .
like it .
what happen why can't i sign up . i have a strong connection . but why it'll always say server access failure . i like wechat , it's the best chat app for me so far , but i'm so disappoint after the update . please fix it .
i like it .
that's good app .
when i shake my mob . it show me no result find from yesterday and no more bottle today . even i didn't use any bottle . please solve this problem .
love it .
like most .
excellent application .
this app be awesome for leave short voice record , send quick vids and photo . voice record especially useful for ppl to busy or lazy to type out a text message .
i keep get search error everytime i try to search for people via wechat id . previously it be okay but all of a sudden it doesn't let me search for people anymore . i try restart my phone and also reinstall my wechat but still no difference . please fix this . thank .
its great . awesome n i like .
many thing i can do with this app .
just great app .
love it wechat .
like it .
what be you wait for .
link my friend up even of long ago .
very good .
please help me . i dislike this app . or other app like facebook . it's block my traffic data .
why be my cam upside down but when i use my ipad its normal . ugh fix that pls .
good like .
nice application love in chat ransack on help a lot .
the best .
i'm enjoy this .
most people to use this we chat .
ples i try many time , still dont work whats go on this cause many follower will be hat this app fix for us .
love it .
lot of new buddy around .
nice apps ever .
love it .
wel work . nd i have no word to say .
i can't download this app . why . so many time i try download this app . but still like before .
very good .
this be a great app . have walky talky system for when you can't text and a sight feature that allow y to send a 60 secound video . plus the emotion con be so darn fun to use . i only wish the sight wouldn't continue to repeat over and over when you play it . i would also like it to record a bite longer . other then that i highly recommend this app .
love it .
always instal eror , why this problem .
sticker be awesome .
good apps .
good app . but the picture quality be change to worse after a few day in moment .
1 . it can't allow user login from multi device , it should learn how hangout do . 2 . content should save in srrver , so user can retrieve anytime .
love it .
very cool .
great but need to upgrade that we can see who on and who off and when his last open .
best but for improvement maybe can make it faster .
convenient . easy to use . if video and voice call improve , it would have be perfect .
very good .
this be the best texting app i have ever use for any phone . ive have window , android , and apple . and wechet be the absolute best .
like this .
purfuct app .
i would recommend it to everyone .
recommend this to all of my friend .
love it .
thank you .
very smart .
like it .
the function be a foreign version of facebook without be too public and i like the ability to accept contact instead of give away my actually number . my only gripe be that the plus sign to the right of the keyboard do not send the msg which i'm very use to it be on my regular keyboard as well as many 3rd party keyboard . minor detail that might only apply to me and a few others .
it's ok .
love this .
good program .
its awesome . but i think if there be chat on and off like facebook , it would be superb .
prominent separate vray .
i get htc m9 and the app be notnot open . it be work perfectly fine on m8 . you need to fix this please .
nice apps ever .
always instal eror , why this problem .
i would recommend it to everyone .
love this .
its cool and i love it .
earn money test application , download whaff ar87117 put the code and start with 0 . 30 . you can pass them directly to your paypal or google play to buy application , game , music .
ali abees .
very nice program .
it dosint work for my phone .
chat iz ok . but call not good .
it's a very perfect apps .
one of the best .
however the server be slow at time and it take hour to send and recieve message because it go through its host server in asia before it be send out to the receiver .
great app .
user friendly .
hike win over it because of the offline message feature .
nice to use we chat but need improvement . as apps lack at time .
i like itvery much . but indian be very passive .
nice app , see u all pren . hohoho .
the message i send , don't send . it keep tell me to resend but it doesn't work so i reinstall it but it say it couldn't log on so i make a new one but it say verification error 5 , 1 . please pix this .
very good .
sometimes a little lag and problem to log in my wechat acc . hope to improve that .
it be good .
love it .
i be enjoy use this app .
it's nice app . but can't send video and large audio song , some be also difficult to open .
its cool .
doesn't receive message until i open the app sometimes .
i love .
it be good .
i like it .
great and please improve it to be the best .
good app .
let chat .
good app .
very nice .
it be good .
i can't save new sticker .
i like .
i like this apps because able to keep in touch with my friend .
really awesome .
the best .
why i can't use the app . everytime i click it kick me out i cant use wechat .
nice for chat .
it's a great apps keep it up guy .
fun to use for friend connecyion .
the voice call its too bad . i cant hear my friend voice and video call too . i can't connect too them . please fix this okayy .
great application . love it .
very good .
great app .
great apps .
i could call this app a best besouse can find a friend by this app . we can find this people in this world right hahaha xd i like it xd .
awesome . and love it .
i love it . the animation capture emotion you can express that can make your point at time clearer than word can .
hi , i can't use the discover feature as it say unable to load the location data . can't find new friend . pls suggest to fix this issue .
i have recover my wechat acc for a few time . but it block by someone again . can u remove it .
great . love this app .
cost much but col .
it's totally great apps but sometimes it's make my phone hang and uninstall automatically please help me .
it's a nice app . one of the best i've use .
very beautiful .
use it everyday , very convenient .
the screen do not get off whrn we make a voice call . the screen should get off when we make voice call and the proximity sensor should work at that time . it consume a lot battery during the voice call . please fix this issue asap .
complete set of feature , and it's free .
i have listen ab8 wechat but i didnt use it its a great pleasure for me to have this .
i use phone vivo x shoot but this app of video call be very black .
it's very good app for chat , but it's seem some future go from wechat like video call , hope the management team fix it .
good app .
do what it say . will rate 5 star after more use .
easy way to recharge .
very good .
very useful , powerful and popular app which connect almost all of my chinese speak network .
difficult for tablet user , also font size cannot enlarge .
video call .
easy to use .
i love it .
really cool app .
i can't log in into wechat , it say server failure and please check your network system . what that mean i have data connection and other application be work . please fix it .
kimak fix ya . get worse . cant do anything . everyone be complain about the server bla please fix it a . s . a . p .
love it .
id be hack . be use wechat for a very long time . after last few update keep disconnect totally dunno what happen need to restart the phone . any it funny how to hack ppls wechat . even u fee back to wechat group none of them will reply you . lolz their group be just for spamming ppls wechat n do nothing . will stop use wechat . it not safe at all .
it keep say network error , and i can't even send and recieve message and i'm surely 100 my network connection be good right now pls solve this issue .
nice . suitable for everyone .
nice to use it .
like it .
why it cannot send it say server access failure . please check your bla .
1st review really nice application , fun'tastic . love it . but , but , free call n video call be laggy . hope can improve this in near future . 2nd review get worse . server failure message even the line be good . unable to send nor receive message . when message come in , all be not in order . please fix the problem . i will review it in future .
it be nice to meet new friend .
be unable to find look around pls fix it .
its ok as an app .
such a nice n free chat apps ever , but the quality of voice record need to improve .
love it .
system never send me the code . be there any live chat between user and support team this might help a lot with improve wechat . ty .
its good but sometimes the network be not respond .
i love the app but i hate the ui . update to material design please , thank you .
it keep say server failure . why my connection be good . i still have a lot of mb . why whats wrong fix it please . im struggle here .
very good .
why always pop out . server fail . my line internet just fine . please fix that bug .
help to make new social friend . but people be misuse the app .
damn , i have be unable to enter information about what they can not can not now how to use .
i can not login my wechat .
fix it asap it everytimei connect problem . thank you .
vic curve .
can i remove the region on wechat .
veru nice .
like we chat .
please fix it . i can't log in to my wechat account . but my internet connection be ok . and i log in use my no . but still same .
khwr fy .
i couldn't send message to friend . it keep pop up server access failure .
keep on say service failure and please check your network provider .
pls fix it . pls wechat . so many bug . dont make me hate this app .
the best chat .
chfalla possible to solve the problem have become ad appreciate send a collective message come to me more than a week on this case as possible god's solution be better adzakm .
unfortunately , i do not know where you as horny kann . ansonsten be the app gut . w re nice if it could be very anyone tell me .
i cant log in into wechat . its say , server failure please check your connection . what mean i can log in to fb , coc , whatsapp but can log into wechat . please fix it .
we chat connect me and my gf at long distance . tnx for this kind of app very nice .
can you make an android version like you do on version 5 . 3 . you make it look like ios coz that save ton of work . that's lazy and if you be afraid that chinese can't get use to it just make an international version and plz only use gcm . i don't like it when wechat stay in background drain my battety .
what happen morning i still can use , but now can't .
i use to like it , but recently i can't send message , its keep say server failure , please check your connection , but the problem be . my network work properly damnn , and i see , other people have the same problem .
the ma .
wechat be the best app ever .
send me very slowly edit .
best lh .
why it will automatically exit really suck .
net terribly sensitive but slow load contemporary .
in the end i do it automatically pop up with my opinion do not go back into the account .
i wish if thdtho .
can't send and receive any message anymore keep network error .
not bad .
great reliable app .
. i totally can not register . simply not enter okay who have be complete login .
love it .
update new wechat .
i can't find official account . which be annoyin .
great app .
apk full simple to use and very efficient .
very goog .
it's col .
contact good friend in china and i hope you continue to develop future application .
very nice program rah .
still need more improvement .
i think excellent cool .
im lovin it .
i can't login to my id , why . i have download it twice .
best giler .
this app be good overall . but it lack audio share option . anyways i would still rate it a 5 star .
i can keep in contact with my daughter who be overseas . love it .
server access fail . just few hour ago my wechat work fine . and now its say faill access network lolz . my wifi work fine .
love it .
i can not see new friend in my contact why like that .
why i can't open this apps please fix it okey .
best app .
love it .
it be good .
i like it .
i love this app feature and now use this only . specialy voice text to friend like voki toki .
very good .
very fun and good recomended this apps .
i like it .
i keep uninstalling and install it back cause of the connection always failure . please fix it .
very useful .
very nice .
very beautiful .
why i want to download the wechat but can't please i want to download this .
do its intend job well . another great similar app be line . cute sticker for both apps .
i dont know , when i open my moment . i can't see my friendlist moment's example photo , video and profile picture . i already uninstall and install . same problem . can you explain and last month . i can't add someone . erggh i hate . but now i have do the same thing . uninstall n install back .
very good .
its be good for chat and have stikers . i love it wassabi production .
it really help me to keep in touch with others .
i cant send more sticker because it's will lag .
love it . njoy n have fun with friend .
s good .
please repair this shit .
mr developer please allow the application date pack up . because i don't want to lose my chat .
good chat and reasonable .
its take its own time .
good and nice when i'm use this application .
fantastic app , it enable me keep in touch with all my family and friend at home and abroad .
love this one .
this app no good , my version be 2 6 3 be no respone for this divice . why .
good for chat .
i want you up grate 9 . 0 .
love it .
the quality of video be very good .
fix it . i use it one year ago use sony ericson xperia x8 . when i download it again . i cant log in can u fix it pls .
continue this apps . it help a lot .
nicely do .
wish have more feature in the future . surprise feature maybe .
i love this app . thank team wechat .
good app . easy use . around the world user .
better then whatsapp .
its to heavy .
the best .
great you master of wechat . love u all .
great app . voice call very clear . everyone should use this software . you will grow to love it . amaze .
app . i download the app and i dnt have the option of find people nearby . why .
very nice app . you can control without noise ad .
worst useless .
5 star .
i love it .
i don't noe y my wechat keep log out itself and i can't loqin back to my account . i already reinstall 5 time in tiz week . really make me anqry . i love tiz app i miss my wechat friend .
totally rad app dude .
joe come .
cant send sight and voice talk .
its keep show wechat be unable to locate your position . but my phone location set be already turn on and set to gps , mobile data and wifi . wat happen .
love it .
what to say more as thesis feature be the voice of customer requirement . fully comply and satisfy .
love this app .
love it .
good app .
love it .
great app indeed .
i reali luv we cht nd it be very easy 2 find ur frnds nd fam on we cht tht why i luv it so much nd it be very 2 use too .
good stuff .
love it .
satisfy user here .
i like this apps but i cant give 5star .
good app .
i can't edit my location even though i'm use my gps .
love it .
i want change my wechat id help can improve .
i just love wechat . so what .
col 2 chat .
it be good .
nice one but shake not work properly .
my we chat can not see any picture , i don't know what's wrong with it . if someone send me picture , i can not see and when i click on it , it say can not download even the signal good and use wi fi . have check the version and it be the newest one . anybody can help please .
good service .
a very easy to use interface and i also like all the feature .
very nice and use full .
nice app .
yups great site can get in touch with random people .
keep it up .
thumb up .
really love this app .
very good .
i be not able to open we chat in my moto g 2nd generation . it start and close automatic . its annoy .
excellent app .
it be good .
i hope video call will work at my mobile .
no good for many error of your app .
awesome apps .
very good .
good apps . user friendly . keep up the good work . i'll give it a 5 if doesn't need to log out for my second device .
jz da best way to get connect wz other people n enjoy ur life .
hi , my wechat do not load the moment and cannot receive and send message . it's seem like not respond at all . although the internet connection be good . please fix it . thank .
this be so cool .
will be good if wechat can notify or mark when someone from out friend list have remove us from their friend list . so no need to keep them in our friend list too , because it just waste of the time if you have to many friend in your wechat app . now day people in sosial app easy to add you as friend or throw you when they don't like it . that be the sad reality . thank you .
find your new people . translation will help you even you don't speak .
all be well .
this be app be good .
good app .
great app .
it be good .
very good .
not bad .
excellent prog .
not work .
very good excellent .
very good .
very good .
nice and easy .
very beautiful .
very good .
not bad .
very good .
very good .
prominent vray .
very good .
very good .
good for chinese .
very good application .
android . permission . download without notification wechat tencent , do you ever have any conscious at all do you ever take your customer seriously or they be just nothing compare to your greed for more money .
excellent app .
very good .
i love .
very good .
very good .
wery long time go .
there be .
thumb up .
very beautiful .
a wonderful application .
very nice .
it be good .
very good .
very good .
bang bangbang .
very good .
it get better and more genius after every update but , please , please activate the genius translation feature also for the moment or , better , for all part of that great app , like name , status etc . this app be high class and a must in asia no idea , how such a crap like whatsapp with only one function could get popular .
i can not see into the improvement fb .
sweet program for long and alsaddaqh .
convenience of modern life .
rat tot .
jamil bs in defect valthadit and i wish you thassanoh .
a wonderful application .
happen to be acquaint with a chinese friend be instal to we chat surprisingly nice and easy i will use frequently in the future .
not in .
easy to use .
from criticism .
look no small video how to update the more rotten .
sweet lovely rowouah .
jung a good horse .
these connection bring van nang cap nha loi forward .
jewel of the mind be mnv .
very , very program rah .
pot eopchang because .
excellent program .
complete scam .
most all my friend have and say q be great .
do not know how the trial be .
very beautiful .
prominent vray .
very useful , convenient and interest .
it be good .
very beautiful .
it be easy to use .
it be good .
very beautiful and worth more than five starlet violin .
very good .
it be good .
martyr north .
it conclude from the cuckoo and jet wegat to atahin .
very hloowoowoowo .
i have a problem every day maanzlh oyuagaf lech i hope the solution .
because sometimes you do not see the photo .
very good .
very sweet program kalash .
jmyl vray .
creativity more wonderful .
very good .
baghdad , iraq .
very good .
there be .
very good excellent .
very good to min .
i think we should be able to see a friend you have online otherwise each innocently wait for friend to reply , but he do not online .
i be red mi note , why the small screen become blue , then location be also not share .
very good .
the application be beautiful . but now . it maparaf shaw . when you get out of it . and enter a second time request registration or phone number . i hope to find a solution to this problem . and alakhzbha into account . thank you .
good just be not very popular .
automatically come out without human intervention .
okay bs between each period of comment and masir lech enter the program as well as the parent of adloh hama your program as well as u .
the program do not open where be the problem and what be the solution .
good application .
more hair you comment .
habayth sweeter than other program overcome all program .
it's good .
i would like an easier stroke .
permanently stop and require frequent update and be a good contact picture and sound .
and easy .
i have friend 90 .
more than rowoah .
vere good .
wechat very useful .
with chinese who speak neither english nor french , that's fine but still not to negotiate a peace treaty between the two korea consume much as ram clean master .
sweet bs time manafth i need and wipe him again and become more than once and have to friend ya reit if waco solution .
g love .
very nice , but we want to be safer and more service .
hey guy i've get men moo ergonomics i do not know what leach outside mobile baketb error try again , and god know how to milliyet solution belize say .
very good .
very terrible program .
i be roowouah bstkhaddmo wii chat . i have a basic gift of 10 njuowom .
very good .
very good .
it be not good now , have so many problem , please fix it .
very good .
it be good .
i've be use this app since the last 2012 and it have improve a lot . the only reason i give it be a out 4 out of it be star be because currently it doesn't allow you to use your account on two device at once with android the way it do for ios .
like it .
work well , only with type sometimes it just remove space in odd place , or move the cursor randomly , mess up the text . other than that it work fine .
since whatsapp get bust , wechat be the app to use hopefully they be not jet work with the biggest terrorist organisation on earth .
there be .
very convenient .
easy to use .
there be .
there be .
it be good .
great app .
it be good .
pretty good .
it be good .
it be good .
it be good .
it be good .
very good .
great app .
very convenient .
great app .
super cool .
have a nice application .
very good .
not bad .
fun way to keep in touch with friend . every update make this better .
we chat .
can't live without we chat .
very good .
i love to use wechat every day till late night get lot of friend's by shake thanx to wechat team . but don't no y ppl don't use tv in shake and one thing after update app tv be not there in shake .
i personally have 3 wechat account since i'm not able to delete my old account . i hope wechat will fix this issue asap .
this be the most frequently use app on my phone . very convenient and reliable for me .
we chat .
good apps .
good app .
get better all the time .
wow very nice ples ad me any frends .
go i want to post my picture then i choose my picture at my gallery but i cant get in to my gallery . please fix this . thank you .
i can't shake it on my mobile qi6 reason please .
make life connect .
good app work nice .
very good .
this suck after update , i lose many of my cool sticker . its limit to 150 only be you joke i take many time to collect the sticker from other , then its disappear after i update i will not recommend my friend to update this version . pls fix it . its really piss me off . reply me asap .
please help me wechat not show my balance not even option of broadcast cant recharge .
while shake it show people from china only all the time . it's so annoy . moreover it say that those people from china be only 8 10 kms away from me .
two time my account have be block . two time i make a new account .
love this app .
more feature and more fun .
unable to be download .
that be to good nd fast chat make new friend . thnku .
easiest way to connect with friend .
love it .
we chat .
i love it .
after most recent update , this app be very useful . i like the fact u can share much larger file size like video which other apps restrict .
good app and friendly use .
love it .
i wanna to install my wechat and error can't install . wanna cry .
wechat be well use but after update , it get limit of sticker . 150 sticker be too less i hope that can change the limitation or unlimited . furthermore sometime the sticker cant see , be this a bug i hope can fix soon , thank .
i love this app so much .
itz a average app .
i enjoy with this apps .
great apps .
have a good relationship .
just love it .
it's very easy to use and find friend .
with sight .
the screen doesn't auto turn off by use sensor when on voice call . backup progress can't resume probably when return from other apps .
love it .
cant find better 1 . creative . useful . ton of fun , more feature . thank you r the best , really , no joke try it or leave it can't find elsewhere 1 bravo to be cont'd .
its gud to use n other facility be also uptodated .
my phone be jam whenever if there be any user spammed group chat with sticker . hope you can fix this .
nice app to meat with your close family member which be other country .
awesome app .
great app .
we chat be very good .
no comment .
i hope the development team can make this app be more friendly with tablet user when make video call . i'm use a galaxy tab which be the 10 . 1 inch . when make video call with friend or family , the back face camera work great but the front face camera doesn't work really well . they see me upside down and even i can see it too . when they video call with me they have to hold their phone upside down to see me . i've try other apps such as skype and it work really well . they didn't see me upside down at all . please make this app friendly with tablet user . i love this app so much .
can't send or receive any message since 2 day ago . also the money in my account be go . please return my money . you can't just steal people's money like that , tencent .
i like this .
can't unlink the phone number . please fix this .
love it .
we chat .
it's good .
why won't the app use my last location it always error when i try to people nearby and it's piss me off . also , i get the message that i win the send sticker contest but the prize be none to my score edit people nearby always fail .
good app .
no online offline status . need to more improvement then message delivery in too late .
i like this app . its give every month a recharge offer .
good app .
good app .
i like it .
love this . n thnx too d .
i can with everyone .
love it . but please give me a notification for comment my moment . thank you .
i love it but if you could just add on something that tell you the message be see and when it be see it would be great and maybe even add when the user be last see . add these in and it's 5 star .
like it .
nice app .
i love it .
good chat .
but i be get problem that when i gt sm ppl by nearby . after that how cn i remove the list of ppl which be find in near by .
so low .
i like this .
i love wechat .
moment to remember .
i can't receive and send any message , pls fix it .
love it very much . connect you with the people you love . easily .
i would give a five star . if the video call work properly . m use sony c3 n when ever i try to make video call n when second party pic ma call it go to voice call automatically plz fix it i will give 5 star . it really disappoint with 3g also wifi also .
team wechat . add some more feature like last see and notification while type massage have be see etc .
good apps .
don't know why it keep blank . restart my phone also same .
why mine have no pencil pilot but my friend have . please fix this .
this app be good for me .
love the app .
i love wechat that help me to contact my friend any time , any where .
why my sight cannot use .
great app .
be ok .
5 star . nobody talk can deny it .
it's ok but video call not connect .
i love this app it be much better than kik line or even facebook . the user interface look so pretty .
best chat app to date .
when i open it . it close automatically .
emoji option inside basic package be too little , please modify .
you need more learn . about app .
though freeze .
its just ok not too much fantastic . but you have all the necessary option .
very good .
i can't download , due to error 492 , whats the problem .
very nice app to search near by friend .
when i use people nearby feature i can see people near me but people near me cant finde me . what happen .
great app .
its very heavy . take more space . make it lite please .
what a great app for chat .
when i open wechat , wechat close it automatically . i cant even read message .
wish i could make change to the id .
always unable . hat it so much .
great app .
my samsung galaxy grand prime when video call will not respond pls fix it .
i love it .
we don't see the online status .
nice app .
so , we all avaible chat or moment .
great source of contact .
why cause i can connect with my friend .
it use so many space to be store in my phone . why i have to uninstall the other app in my phone just to have wechat . it's too heavy .
hate it .
don't leave home without it .
greater application than others similar apps .
nice app .
i can't play my voice message . be there a way to fix this .
can't delete the contact why .
good and save to use for chat with friend .
my wechat have problem receive message lately . i need to send a message out before i will receive message that be send hour ago .
nice and clear sound .
good app . only need to update last see status .
awesome . app but some time problem when network z week . but 3g network z work gd .
i love this app .
server access failure and can't send and receive message even though network be very strong .
great app , but doesn't show whether message be see or not .
this be a great app because you can chat , videochat , and call for free . it be so useful for i can chat with my relative who live in hong kong and i can send as many picture to them download this app and you won't regret it .
good for everyday use .
v . good .
my shake fxn not work for last 24 . inspite switch acct on other phone . it show no result try later . inspite of repeat request these people not respond .
nice i find a clash of clan gem giveaway http . eu you receive free clash of clan gem instantly it really work h1tjxfcfdw .
the connection while call be a bite slow , not very clear , but surely u guy can fix it , and need more cute sticker .
it's not block in china . that's it's only advantage . it's also funny that they claim to offer privacy . if it's not block in china then you know exactly how private it be .
good one to be chat with beloved .
no one reply . it's like totally dead . not even a single soul reply your greet .
hello , please provide more emojis instead of sticker , it's useless to provide too many sticker , use up too much space .
i can't download we chat it say that error in download in 492 how can i fix it . pls giv me an advice .
wechat app be use a lot of memory even when it be not use .
tnx wechat i love it soo much , verry2 nice .
i remember a long time ago my parent would buy these call card for 5 dollar for a certain amount of time . thank goodness for wechat , i'm able to see and hear my young cousin and talk to them for free overseas . thank you , wechat .
why i must wait 2 day for download this apl .
love it .
love it .
do not work .
please help can't login use window phone when need to choose photo from 2 friend to verify account ownership . confirm ok button have be block by the refresh button . thank .
lot of fun with friend .
although you guy can fix the voice chat to not run forever once start .
i can keep in contact with my friend no problem prefer it over any message app .
highly recommend .
very convenient and clear phone connection .
login error and only can continue the procedure after 24 hour . they should change or update the verification method .
good app .
love the recharge .
i can massage my friend and play a game .
be fun and fast to hang n the fast to lowest your baterry .
love it .
this app be great other than when it won't give me a notification until i go into moment and sit there for a couple second . then i get the message which i sometimes receive thirty minute to an hour prior to when i go to moment . please fix this .
now , i do not have any problem yet .
this app hv all kind of connection .
it's simple and usefull but after i update i can't play pencil pilot anymore .
nice app .
we need too meet away people xs .
good but hold to talk sound when play be not so clear .
i can't open my account on this phone , but i can open on my other phone .
please reduce the size of this app . it consume huge chunk of the memory and thereby affect the function of the phone .
voice record sound too bad .
i be unable to reload refresh my moment timeline . they keep show the post that be post 3 day ago . that really suck and on top of that , i even can't get in touch with others . whenever i'm send msg to my friend , tipically your apps would take a minute and a half to get it do . what be wrong here .
video call feature be worst . its hang and i want to force stop this app .
my suggestion for wechat be , as i know most of my frens , even myself also use wechat for moment . so i hope you guy will make an update wich will change the notification style for moment . instead of in app notification , why don't u guy make it a normal notification for comment of moment tq .
very good .
great social network app with better privacy security than facebook .
love it .
wechat have all such as moment , can post picture and many more .
pls don't allow this app to install in my mobile . i don't like this app .
wechat be my would because i love wechat u now me and my friend be like to us wechat only thas way i like that more .
we chat at the best app in world .
not bad .
good , but sometimes feel slow .
i be suddenly log out of the app on my phone and be ask for my password . i have forget the password i use since i never have to log in to this , so i try to use the forget password function . there be an option for sign in through sms so i click that and key in my current no , which be different from the one i use for my account but it didn't work . wait for a long time but still no sms . i also try to create new account with fb n my new no but both doesn't work pls fix this .
just wish it be open source , rather than own by a company who can do whatever they like with your data .
all i can say be that wechat be a great app to have .
damn voice message not clear . help fix .
very nice .
a very good app make it easy to stay in touch with my friend in china .
super app .
enjoy this app so much .
good app .
i need group call .
the best thing i ever have .
woow what a great apps ever .
this be an awsm app to reply anyone .
how to delete wechat account .
the best .
application . thanx to all of you .
no word to describe . totally awesome . especially the sticker available .
love this , great way to hear my daughter voice and see photo when she be overseas .
it could be better but i love how its like facebook .
great app .
love it .
love it .
love the function .
love it .
but . can you do . show another like with my friend . if can . i give you five star .
love it .
friend not available video call break .
wechat have a problem againn . fix this pls im use htc desire eye . bukan riak .
love it .
could you add a throw up vomit emotion its really need . i will be very glad if you add it . thank you for your service wechat be awesome . i forget , please dont put a word limit on write moment i get a lot of story to tell . reply my review , 5 star for your apps .
love it .
few minor bug here and there . but really a slick chat app . comparable to line app but sleeker in some way .
not bad but not 2 gud too .
i be just attract by the privacy of this app and it's cute sticker as well as the icon . cool .
nice to be use , easy , simple and enjoyfull .
very good .
bloody it be show me chinese people with 6 km n i stay in india no one from india it be just waste either u reply asap or i will do something .
download very slow .
owesome site .
love it .
why the load download so long . i hate it . have 2 day i download it . but it never work . suck .
nice . thank .
so good the wechat .
piece of shit .
good must try it .
we so love app to make cause greatfuls .
love it .
love it .
can you guyz improve something on this i wan to know weather who online or offline everytimes i hope wechat group can improve this i hope for reply .
nice app .
have fun with this .
awesome apps .
i have not have any problem with wechat at all . i communicate with my wife in china all the time when she be there and i be in america .
nice app .
not bad to have this app .
love it .
my like this apk .
what a a0p can it challenge whatssapp .
thank you wechat .
good . good . good .
try dlu haa .
good job .
best for free chat .
easy to use .
i want to tall you a interest incident . today my a friend with me try to enter into the class room and a teacher teach my other friend so we want to try anter in class silently than we be all success to anter in class , bt my one friend cought by sir and they want to punish him and not allow to enter class , he say gat out my class as wall as my friend argue with him , than start collition with them . bt my frind get out class and sie become happy .
good application .
too much issue .
nice app .
i love wechat but be logout . but i open be not open i will try i do no which want open .
when ever on voice call , wechat stay on screen and remain active . so when the phone be near the ear , it will touch some button . also , when open voice message , sound would only come from speaker , regardless phone be near my ear . my phone be zte blade s6 . lollipop 5 . 0 .
waste no feature .
not get pic download . cannot see pic on moment .
good wechat .
awesome apps .
i enter the exact password but i still cant login .
love me .
tq wechat sya like this .
very good .
please fix moment image quality i will rate 5 star if the image quality be good .
i like .
finally i use sight .
easy to use .
good app .
why my account keep auto log out .
a very great idea , i find totally amaze .
go back china retard chinese .
do u love me .
nice la ade wechat .
too troublesome when you have to log back on .
when ever i shake people from china and japan come up .
but i lose all my data photo .
really easy to find friend .
the best exchange software .
wechat oh yeah . haha .
why i cannot see picture from moment .
serve my need so far .
sangat . best . bole voice . and so on .
great app to connect . large user base .
unable to retrieve block account due to invalid phone number during acc retrieval . work fine when log in with sms .
i can't download it . gr .
very good .
there's something wrong , i can't login wechat for 2 day it keep say log in but it won't .
i like the app but do have issue . sometimes message be not receive in a timely manner . the app also crash sometimes .
just nice . love it . upgrade without any consequence .
very bad whatsapp and line be better . i wish i could give minus rat for this .
love this app to communicate with friend in china . downside be your video be really short .
good application .
this wechat be very good and i like this wechat .
love it .
become my daily app .
please update for urs new htc one please remove the little black menu bar thx please update for urs new htc one please remove the little black menu bar thx .
every time i exit we chat it keep delete all my conversation pls fix .
can't send any message to any one and couldn't get reply message .
love it .
best social app around .
my wechat have crash after earth image . anyone experience same problem .
like it .
please fix this i want low mb i just want to play wechat .
i can't download it . gr .
this app be fantastic .
this be good apps for chat with call .
love it .
no word can say how much i love dis app .
coz always hang when not delete chat history .
it be better way to chat .
i like it .
but . can you do . show another like with my friend .
it's good .
this the best app .
kind of nice to use it .
nice and trust application .
everything just fine .
keep the good work .
it's good .
this be best message voice call app .
nice app .
since i accidently uninstalled wechat , i've see my precious chat with everyone be now go . be there any way to get back those chat please tell me and pardon my english .
luv this app . sticker be excellent . more shower please awesome .
this be wonderful luv this app .
conversation suddenly disappear . dah kenapa .
mate , wechat be far better than whats up not only have all the whats up feature , but also can subscript like tweeter and share like facebook .
its great .
i can't open my wechat . this be the 2nd time that it happen . please help to fix the problem .
just that .
fun app .
thank wechat because you give me good life .
please give setting on how big we want our sticker to show on chat . thank .
love we chat .
superb app to connect diff people . really enjoy alot .
can't record in fragment on sight anymore . still stutter on video call so badly i have to end call . have randomly delete all my message and app data before .
sometime this app not respond if you fix this problem , 5 star be your reward .
like it .
i hate this malaysia app it be very slow i think indonesia app be better than malaysia app .
no bad .
it help me to connect with my chinese colleague .
life be way more convenient with wechat .
great app overall .
very nice app .
really love wechat .
nice messanger can chat with chin business partner .
with this app , i can chat with my gf .
for work or social life , this app really help me a lot .
its an awesome app to make new friend from world wide accord to me its wow .
very nice .
to talk to your friend and have your album .
i've be use this since 2013 .
not work . nobody try this .
the best .
this app not bad , but not good enough k st .
dear . can you help me . i can not search people in nearby . what problem .
this wechat be awesome .
nice app .
very nice app .
awesome apps .
pic aren't show .
love this app .
wow . love it .
love it .
very good .
not functional very well .
love it so much , few year i use wechat but i dont feel bore at all .
im a daily user of wechat . i need last see for chat . soon i get the update .
easy to chat with someone .
please update this version .
pls do add to your next update to let us change our wechat id's . but overall its good and i dont see anything to complaint . pls do reply to see if you can do it . thank you .
dun have choice hahaha .
samsung note i work great on .
cant download this app .
best aplication .
love it .
i think you delete the wrong account , can you get it back and delete the one with the password with letter .
lot of connection problem whenever we try to chat use line video audio call .
i can't open my app for almost a week . it pop up say wechat have stop . i try 2 uninstall n install it again , but its d same .
it keep crash and cant be open after a few month use it . dont know if it my phone or the apps . i have several time uninstall and reinstall it . but still the same . however , i still use it cuz it keep me connect with my friend .
great free chat and video and audio call .
once you instal the app , you cannot delete it as there be no delete button . a good app should have both installation and delete button available if the user dont like it . probably wechat want to have as many user register for their own gain . i want to rate it 0 but . wth .
nice app .
great app to help me connect wit family n frens .
why suddenly my wechat id cant login . youtube fb whatsapp coc can play . except wechat . please do something about it . its keep disconnect too . cant send and receive post . cant send chat to my friend . wechat get worse .
i like wechat so much even sometime my phone hang .
great app keep people connect in many way .
we chat .
love it .
this app not bad , but not good enough .
very nice and easy to usr .
always errpr when i download .
can't update and slow take more time to update .
i love it .
i like wechat . wechat be best but my handfone can't download wechat . so sad .
every time i go in it go back to the home menu .
no lag . clear conversation .
cool but out date . none of my frnds use this . i hope if i can search more friend .
sometime this app not respond if you fix this problem , 5 star be your reward .
like a combination of fb and whatsapp , only better . uber fast video call .
this be so rediculous that there be no system at all where i can block a contact when they be annoy or bother . where in every other software there be a block system .
help you connect with the world .
good app to call n message .
great app .
i like it because its easy to call and chat with friend . i love it .
the best .
easy to use .
very good .
love it .
verification after log in be not work . the people photo that you need to verify be not appear .
should improve .
for me its great . but can i ask something how can i post without image i don't know how so can u tell guy's but overall iove it . great app .
very good .
easy , fast , work like it should .
wechat be a very comprehensive chat app , if you're not comfortable texting you can use a video chat or voicemail like function . atm it's popular in asia but i really hope to see that it spread to other country . five s .
nice app .
very late load location data . that's all . other than that , avery thing's move smooth .
awesome apps .
oh . yeah .
the app won't download on my phone can you tell me why i have try it 3 time .
love it .
easy to chat with friend .
this app be recommend by a friend as a way for us to stay in touch . although only instal once , i would see two wechat apps run in setting run apps would turn them off and they would nearly immediately reopen both instance . the last time it cause my samsung galaxy s4 to overheat we chat be use 100 of the cpu , for what i don't know , i wasn't use the app and didn't ask it to do anything . be they mine bite coin , nsa style snoop , or what this be one fun and dangerous app . now that it be uninstalled my s4 be back to normal cpu usage and be not overheat . i email we chat a week or two ago and never hear anything from them . i can not recommend this app .
easy to use .
very good app .
nice app .
great message app . just wish it didn't crash as often .
i like it .
we chat be a awesome or superb app .
this be awesome .
i can receive message but i cant enter wechat . i have to unintsall it just to make sure i can enter it . please fix it .
very user friendly , great way to stay connect with friend abroad .
it's simply awesome .
love it .
add a feature to know my msg deliver and read .
i use wechat for mostly everything and every day use . its a decent app .
what a rubbish this i get offer via sms . congrats wechat user you've get free balance of rs . 200 . to claim , go to wechat team account now . and its my 200 balance dear wechat user , hope you're participate in wereward 2015 march . please note that rs . 200 free balance be not a mobile recharge amount . you can claim this balance to get free wallet cash worth rs . 80 , cash discount of rs . 50 on cab rid , flat discount on food order more excite deal .
please add option to know friend be online or offline .
update be ok but thre be problem in shake feature mostly .
my wechat have be the most unstable message app i have use . it work well sometimes and it go bad all of a sudden . the message from my friend who sit next to me didn't come through . i try log off and in again . but just like last few time , it stick , show link endlessly . i'm use an htc m7 . i don't think it's the wifi connection's problem . don't ask me to uninstall the app again . i don't want to lose all the message again just to solve the problem .
this apps really a good apps . very easy to use and for voice call it , s great . and i can send a video very easyly to my friend . but for video call i be not satisfy . i hope there work about this soon as posible . thank you .
please enable copy function , i will give 5 star .
the best .
this app be too slow .
older be better to find a friend .
i hv no idea how it happen but the thing they say its my server problem . i cant access to new post of moment . keep refresh but nothing hppen keep disconnect . hey please fix it ok . im sure it can be do . i like wecht so much so keep to like it always .
i like chat with friend . this application be awesome . i love it .
i like it .
it's good .
thanx for this app .
okay app .
very good .
great to be able to communicate in asia , essential , and work very well in france to keep in touch . perfect .
three well .
perfectly good mood .
superb app .
this be really bad you do not send me that code shame on u .
hello application be too much add me nadmi9 i agree everybody .
please i be not receive th code of conformation i be try since a month please help me .
. maybe it could even be a widget that then there's also the 5th star . otherwise , i'm super happy .
this app be not verdiend .
only 4 star because it work very well but you can see the message only when you look on it please modify .
this be a complete application , convenient and beug , it's perfect .
the application be really cool .
the app be ok .
we can send voice message as well as write . bel overall aesthetic of the application also , in my own opinion of course . i love the use of moment be picture which can decorate your profile from day to day while converse with friend . i really like .
in china this be the must have to .
stand up ner language you i should not verstehe . man everyone give fairly select its land language .
scrap metal .
very good apka .
be simply hammer .
just miss a single thing . option to share the application with friend who do not yet use .
very good application .
have more and better function as whatsapp . it also sniff not as much as whatsapp and fb far . can not understand why it be rarely use in europe .
easy to use .
b1 for now .
have you download anything on me on his androit market .
la with facile .
i have not see it yet but i think good c .
i love .
it m have help many .
i like to communicate with friend .
normal . doamne be no longer invent these people . thousand of new innovation .
unfortunately i get no info when a new message arrive . as you can set that i have not be able to find out .
i can not receive more photo no ship since my razr i the kitkat get 4 . 4 . 2 update . please fix because i always write with my girlfriend . update reinstall help . now i can see image again .
very cool .
excellent chat .
this amp allow me to communicate with my friend from china . so they be thousand of kilometer we can really keep a close contact .
rebeu of moroccan my nickname idhem .
mnogo qko .
kreativer als whatsapp .
find the app super . my kid communicate so easily with her dad in china , i also .
work very well .
i only see a login button if i use that for the first application registration be only an error message . i use a tablet without a sim and give the landline number . possibly the fault lie here . nevertheless , the app be not for me to use . i still use skype .
hopelessness not recommend .
this be crap .
lately my phone freeze after 2 or 3 min of audio call .
share coma .
real horny .
rorem btayge .
maybe so cool .
very good .
a super good app .
no 5 star , as visible on closer inspection , when message be send . and unfortunately , no indication of whether message have be read . otherwise a chat app with great feature .
i use to skype with my daughter who be abroad , skype work very badly but we saw and wechat s along very well .
i like it .
but constantly upgrade will itself be already on the latest version .
how to change from audio to video when i'm talk like tango how to save search by city location like tango how to search friend of my friend that use wechat like tango how to make a group call or how to invite more people in a group call like oovoo people nearby suck , only chinese and arabic . tango have a great peaple nearby .
we chat .
the sms confirmation code take forever .
one question no message delivery report or see what be on line .
very nice .
tres bien .
once there be a boy and a girl be preteni but they be far away .
i love .
it be very good at video chat .
i like wechat very . it be much more alive than whatsapp and viber .
c cool .
when will we again will send video rather than gif qq dry .
miss painful the possibility of audio file to send . otherwise perfect .
eindach top .
easy , safe , good .
great i can see my little girl of 5 day on cam too top .
the app be not yet know to us . this can be on the phone no profile image upload be a pity . many ham no desire to constantly change the app . i be not yet convince .
i like it .
i prefer whatsapp .
only wechat .
i have half as 3 star pcq her get drink more and more there be too much viber skype .
a shit be the .
what more can we say .
be good because it can not find anyone like viber .
no audio alert notification and message . thank you to address this issue with galaxy note 4 . we be march 10 and no one answer . hello someone there .
not bad .
very cool .
best app i love .
sometimes people look at the circle of friend to forward the video , not the size of the adjustment , the point do not open look . open a can only see part of the video of the top leave corner .
a very good app .
the idea be nice but if new people be look for you will find only tailor chinese people and guarantee them 11 km you be away .
it do not work .
good but few user .
can not even install it .
good chat method .
great bass'm happy .
it work great .
hello we say my number be invalid its be 4 time .
i love .
i beckomme no more and who i want go in i should always enter a password even though i have set the not so .
jaim as .
very cool .
we live and love us with wechat .
download this take too long viel o .
very good app . simple . je advise .
in case tt me i adore you with my girlfriend s break out like crazy little .
connai pa what to say .
very good .
i love it because it be very effective .
i can not download this app .
really recommend .
c be frankly cool j love with my cousin we don not stop to chat .
excellent recommend .
report to yamen or comment with your name and i'm look for you .
it do virus .
it's good .
wechat china use to spy on dissident and control of the dictatorial regime and stop .
very good aplikacja . polecam .
wechat be so great .
app fine , so go ahead and better .
very practical and therefore free 5 star .
very easy to use .
very good .
this app i recommend to anyone .
application bug and rarely easy to use .
work perfectly .
well quickly and multifunctional .
when would be grant award for worst application , this would definitely be the first . no1 .
location amsterdam , but i only see chinese 7km .
es ist wie whats app .
very good email application it be free , work with internet and no bug . the few complaint i could make be that mms can be only image and the internet that eat a lot of battery but hey it's the strength of this message the problem , instead of today's smartphones . otherwise very convenient to talk to stranger .
col and amaze .
in the top .
cool ass d .
a fun and useful application .
rather good but the video do not appear in full screen , as . l'attente line to see the next shift .
full of what ma .
it's great i like this application .
it be good . i be very happy .
may correspond .
good alternative .
cool love .
better than viber recommend .
delicious app .
have yet to download .
super thank you , fix bug , thank you . very good aplli .
all in one app . do what it need to do and do it perfect .
nul ne souvre this meme pas .
nice cool app , good for keep contact with my chinese friend extremely popular there .
modern feature .
very good application that work very well with my s4 . cool .
it's good .
there be no mistake .
applic good communication to and from abroad . easy to use and multiplatform . attention to the manipulation of his address for they do not receive automatic pub .
overseas wanderer necessary .
launch himself to ask me to rate this application . there it's do .
too col .
it work .
you want one day to download it loose .
too bad we can not see if the message be read or not and if the person try to answer us like kitten and it would also be nice to be able to still choose the notification of his time as a kitten on . i miss a lot of the notification message because really unreliable . i wait to see if the next update will solve these problem or i dessinstalle .
y'a that its .
a good application f .
apart from some reception problem sometimes with the call option . this application save my marriage .
yes mam samsung s5 .
it be good , but it take a lot of memory c .
let the better correspondence .
not use but i can find the craze .
very perfect .
g suffocate nygu .
be too good as you can do be a boyfriend .
haad application ieiaaeye stratus m asalehh .
good audio and video quality . ideal for communicate with china , unfortunately , little use in france .
probably good for some .
nothing power .
i be a guy of 16 year and be look for girl who not fearless moin of 13 year be more than 17 dead as if your picture be not the same and only girl for trade hot picture therefore more .
super cool this aplis what i can tell you be to download .
add adridu34 i'm 19 .
very cool .
this be the right application .
awesome app .
she be .
this application be very effective for send video message instant file .
c cool .
its good .
five 5 h i hope will be good .
c top d read .
bravo very good application .
great for familly share .
cool for biz .
bah i have here be not really like a little void .
very good .
great app .
very good .
work fine but it's size 100mb monstrous .
it's my favorite chat app great customization and great feature .
very nice .
very nice .
perfect to use for stay in touch with friend in china .
i can't access my account . i try to send a password request number of time and get no response from the wechat team .
i like .
it's kool app to connect with chinese friend .
the best chat app ever det fedeste chat app ever .
i think the wechat be a perfect .
work great , use it all the time .
best app .
tablet a701 font require the use of a magnify glass . its magnification or by change the background , you can dream of . good for enthusiast with a vga screen . uninstalling .
i do not know that i have friend in the czech republic .
e ok .
only if i have a 5 star rat then give then continue to call out to comb the app . once five star seem enough right .
i like we chat .
niewiem yet because i do not i download but the illustration and post comment . i think the great .
okay , not bad but not right now that extra .
hello . do anyone know how i can add friend through facebook .
he be .
very good .
wow talk for friko fantastiko as usual .
wechate be really super nice tell all you friend .
samsung galaxy s4 .
the application do not work in my middle city in which perhaps no one use , wyszukalo my friend from japan , with the kind be to 1km away from me .
do not remove the beloved visitor not do very svio job .
what better miootzaf code so it need to know where be enable recommend upgrade it and to do so without code and all yabu it then hope you hear advice .
very useful apka especially in china .
it will not let me download it .
too chinese for my taste be pretty good . but .
i love , i love super .
install itself only because castle clash tencent version .
write my real number , real and it say number be invaiid . and how i'm so fuck i will explain that it be really my no .
fuck you asshole , there be never enough memory .
app do fine , still may be problem with video call so that can be work on further fine .
even language and not a mistake .
2 . 2nu go on android .
shit not work .
we will try to .
we will try to .
i only use for voice message family at the end of world record your message , they also do not have vytukavat . a .
i can not download the particular application .
i really love this app be much better mootzaf .
with many option .
good , better than kik and whatsapp .
super can play it cool .
i can not see any pic in the app . fix this bug asap .
shlomi attias .
the application have to be do , to offset competition whatsapp . he slowly turn , add necessary application for contact why on earth when it's associate with my phone number and i have my contact , i can not see if the other party read my message .
private label with super recommend please download better than those snapchat w and viber w .
apk a 1 class . nothing more nothing less .
super talk to a beside this be better than whatsapp .
i can see the photo i receive only see in through wechat but she can not find in my gallery . anyone know how or what . i have a samsung galaxy s5 . for the rest a top app .
simple to use and well understand by people on the other side of the world .
i recommend .
it's good , especially the shake your mobile but it's lie . there's always someone run up in china and say that it be 4 kilometer from me . it be better to viber , the one recommend .
when they can uppgradera .
good for windos .
very good .
do not work .
it should show who of your friend in your list be online and whom be not .
good apka recommend .
very nice very good tool .
beautiful aesthetic . mona minus that there be widespread in greece and eat pause the photo transfer and archive .
fun to talk to friend and stay .
he go neither good nor evil .
super komunikator .
shit of application .
e util . functioneaza and videocall .
its not bad do you try this .
the application be very hilarious only lack czech .
but try not to install lam pa .
zajibis d .
you be happy .
its not chat .
very good .
perfect fit very light , comfortable and easy to read the whole menu , easy to use , can easily stand next to other application of the same interest , and offer much more that the other application do not have do not use much space , have excellent video image , and excellent sound many plus you should download it to the discovery . great application . many congratulation to development team . keep support . english apps please . thank you for this great app .
it want access to everything , but it's still only a chat app . navigation in menu be horrible . usage of how to add photo etc be , well , no comment . i use it only due to many friend in china be use it . otherwise it would be out immediately .
there be better on the market .
excellent program amaze and very clear video call image be perfect .
but few in romania show me .
rozrobotchiki tell please how to change the language in vichate he nicho search result and i do not understand .
i want my wickstr m account to back off .
this aplikation be the best in the world .
in general i do not like , because i can not seem to get kod . bez code can not do a profile .
mesh that know how to sneak vieux bstamilo .
it be really beautiful threepio .
do what it should .
excellent job .
bra app .
i be a great .
i rat before see .
wechat be perfect .
it work great .
just perfect .
super league 1 recommend .
thank you .
this appjes be equal to i . t . t . example whatsapp .
100 satisfaction . unfortunately , the cr ap . not widespread . few people know her .
no good in israel .
i can even log nie .
apka super cool . slape .
good app .
work swieynie but some cut .
isto kao jako viber super .
super better than whatsapp .
greek no mercy nor echeio .
we chat .
generate program .
its be fun .
very good kominikator with huge amount of enrich conversation additive .
most popular chat in asia thank you .
it be cool because you can do a lot of thing .
cute app .
good app slow down your phone .
zaalig download .
the most popular in china .
misto hard .
very good app and super picture quality ,
cool app .
very useful especially in china .
doesn't work properly , it's not possible to find friend .
i think its beter than whatsapp .
very cool app .
than others .
super i .
very cool app to communicate with friend .
if i didn't need this to communicate with china , i'd uninstall . no notification make it all but useless .
i use this to communicate from europe to china . never experience any problem with it , also a great tool to transfer small file .
before when i receive photo on we chat they save automatically . now i cannot save . or i dnt know how . i need answer please .
make bet dark east dragon78 .
do not work on samsung galaxy 10 . 1 tablet .
where be czech .
extra i .
only a pity that after updat no notification come up in the bar like whatsapp be the case or a pop up would be a good alternative .
shit over all bullshit , of the 100 million who have take 97miliona be gook .
decent and interest alternative to other messenger . zerova cloud animate emoticon to suit all taste . free unlike vibera .
better than whatsapp . with video call and fun graphic in the sticker .
it be useful .
i don't have invalid number please fix . number start with 40 799 .
very good .
super app work great .
that application yes .
i do not know have not try .
pio telio den ginete .
not bad .
simply functional .
best viber lighter mr better quality . mr mrs better than whatsapp why be fri while whatsapp want 90cents for each year plus it have good quality . mr . deserve range .
the ideal way to communicate with business colleague .
occupy more , move as much . so just pretty good compare to others .
good word .
it work great .
the most beautiful and expressive emoticon cute .
it just work .
this be just amaze . use it all the time .
first i have remove him , but now it's in and cool .
good app .
the wechat be super guai .
only . opdaten yet . who be online . when they last check . and have show when a word type .
cannot send or receive picture any more . it be work great until i update my software on the phone . now with newest kitkat .
love it better than whatsapp . and love qq too . thnx tencent .
don't always receive msg real time . in a group chat everyone get their msg but i get it like a month later .
fuel home this app this morning . read on a forum where you can choose between 10 different apps . and then i saw this app be very popular in china . actually , i find out the specific app than kik , and then this wechat have receive good review and now i have start to use it .
so good .
great app .
super convenient equal vertalen . fantastisch .
not descend quickly lodge .
e to write error handle dc min it's crazy and it's the image i fain sight .
this amaze app .
too many chinese , though .
it's fine .
like this , simple and straightforward .
it's fun .
i like .
e f bun .
not enough ukr . or russian language necessary to translate it in google .
all five .
many possibly even videochat great .
work great in my communication with most continent .
fun app work fine would look just like that appje be deliver .
love it .
jay monolithic hindu india .
now . i pull down my experience now .
they seem to have fix the problem . first time this happend . use it for a long time . problem which i encounter for 2 day be . no more video . not possible to change password . translation doesn't work anymore . still a good app though . hope this do not happen again .
may bun ca wapp 3 .
it's really ok .
love this app , but moment update have be break for two day now .
after 6 . 0 update after do nothing more . you can not do anything more post and see at my moment .
nice app and super convenient to communicate with my family in china .
siphon s4 .
great app can connect with everyone in the world .
love this app that keep me easily connect to my friend in china .
i do not have to install an extra core samsung .
very interest .
chudov snippet . please add ukrainian .
perfect communication .
think it's good .
excellent application .
the best .
baba ji .
great to see the comment .
okay but similar looatzaf .
bad application that talk to chinese and other japanese turkish nation .
not a bad program , convenient voicemail obmenivatsya .
can't sign up .
mast apps he .
better than me viber .
very good .
log do not work so well .
not bad , but why prog begin to require password entry several time a day .
i like it .
oh be greatt .
its good .
i like it .
its come a delay msg n voice why we chat can give us a feedback about this we want to hear from we chat . be any one there .
i be 1st time use that apps so only 3 star if be fill about good apps so next be conform give 5 star .
i be not get my full recharge of rs 150 i have only receive an partial amount of rs 100 the due amount of rs 50 be due and they tell that i receive my partial amount till midnight i do not receive . and i be also complain several time after get rs 100 rechargd but no reply from the we chat team side so i request you to send my recharge of rs 50 and improve your communication skill .
i love it .
poor work since last 3 week . no video just show connect . try to use agent .
i feel it's good for us to connect our family , friend and others .
wtf . i have 115rs redeem balance in ma account . after recharge receive only 20rs . u ppl say by 29 remain amount will be credit . still i haven't receive .
when i be require to select my location i find all the country but tunisia our neighbor be there though and even the application be try to locate me but fail to do so however my gps be on anyway i want to know what be the matter with non take into consideration tunisia .
peerless application .
not receive till the fnr offer 2 balance if rs 150 .
how i can download this app in htc p3450 .
im give five star in this app , because i can communicate easily with my friend and also , it's fun to use .
i love it .
need to add free call by promotion .
the best application .
why i can't chage my cover and profile photo .
the app consume 35 mb of ram . so the battery drain fast . pls fix it asap .
good communication service .
so nice .
very good .
but im not able to change profile picture . plz help thank .
love it .
i have fill the form for redeemtion of recharge of rs150 on 22 9 2014 and still now i have not gote the recharge .
i love it .
fine way to save boredom .
few week already connot use the video call usem might be busy thy again later can you please fix this ,
your new wechat update suck big time be not even funny . i can't login to my account n try to open a new 1 still not helpful . please make sure your it guy take a thorough look at it cause you'll loose many fan .
on my samsung s4 it's show a message as sorry wechat have stop work don't know why . need an update version immediately .
i have find people all over the world and all of this be because of my new good friend thank to my new good friend . you know who you be .
wtf . simply publicity stunt of give free recharge . i hv redeem on 26 . 9 . 14 . still nt credit even after repeat mail .
many time my app jus freeze for day and i won't be receive any msg . uninstall n install several time still the same . it work for few day and no respond again .
i like it .
a very2 good .
i love we chatt because if you shake your phone to find people . really be faster to find . 8 .
my phone number can't use in nearby . people cannot my add .
cool app .
totally worst .
i like it because it be fun .
i love it so much .
hey . i be not receive any link from we chat when i click on recharge tab there be no invite and earn tab what should i do .
video cllng featre nt wrkng . weneva i mke a video col it swtchd to voice col automtclly . plz fix dis issue . its vry annoyng .
such a shame u guy be cheat people on to d pool of chat in group for d sake of recharge . it show recharge be success for f r 2 offer . but never ever i get my recharge do . fake . deserve to be a loser . get rid of play store .
samsung galaxy s4 .
i like it .
i love it .
i like this aplication .
really like .
great i like this app after update .
i have install this app be really awesome .
love it so much , the emoticon be kawaii .
it doesn't alert me when i have moment notification . like , there be no sound at all . fyi , i've check the setting . this isn't about the setting . this be about the app itself . please fix it asap .
if you have excellent signal strength and internet connectivity . then it be cool app . otherwise 1 .
i just erase the wechat now . it's not work for how many day's i can't receive any video call or message .
its the best .
good app .
very bad for the app always show link expire if i be send to any of my frnd .
search with no result .
nice app .
very nice .
why my chat miss please fix it , after that i will give 5 star .
i cannot open it at all .
i like the call chat in the wechat .
i m try how its work i rat because my friend tell me it offer so many thing .
good chat .
bring closer tie around your surround people .
always cant send the pic properly . sure fail everytime when i send . fix it plz .
love u .
i like this technology because i can talk or chat with my sibling and family .
i like .
it always stop it make me upset whenever i open wechat i cant chat with my friend cuz it always stop fix it please .
me can contact my friend so easy .
this app very good but must update more to get more star .
make offer but not pay the amount fool all of us please dont download it .
i cannot log in since i update my we chat . need it asap . please fix it . thank .
nice application .
it's great app and briliant .
very bad app ever . take too much time in download , funtions be slow n many time i can't even able change my profile pic . if i could i would like to give no star at all .
it show link expire then how to create a new link therefore give 2 star .
good social network .
super nice .
this app be awsome plz try it .
i like it .
good app .
i like it .
its be 2 month guy u r not change my location in people neae by me plz do it i love this app otherwise n would gv 5 star .
easy to use .
internet be stable . but the vidcall cant connect . it always say connection issue , the user be busy even if not . can you pls fix this . thankyou . pls fix .
nice we chat .
battery drain , slow , lag after update . please make an improvement .
we chat be awesome .
cannot hear my voice the other side .
this app be fake . consume a lot battery . moreover they be provide free balance i do everything and receive nothing . fake and crap . uninstalling . doesn't even deserve one star .
i love this .
before we chat be update to version 5 . 4 , it be perfectly fine . but now , after a few second one i open it shut down what be the problem please repair it immediately .
its gud app to chat wth ur frnds .
can you tell me where be the exit option .
i love we chat . specially the drift bottle . thank you wechat for the great entertainment .
its ok but downlodng so long .
cheat me in money offer .
why can't be download .
wechat be awesome but should also introduce the status for message deliver or read . it would be perfect then .
its very nice to use .
error download wechat . wechat could not be download due an error . why i dont sure whats wrong either my phone or this app . hmm please fix these . actually , i could install this app before but unfortunately , i uninstalled it uhuhuu . pleasee .
it be good , but , i kinda tire of this why because it always pop out itself and this be not the first time do you know how important to contact with people sorry for my poor english .
not bad . but it use so many ram and battery power .
i cant upload picture , cant voice , what its go on , so sad .
how to show online friend . not work video call samsung s4 please solve this problem .
i like .
with it all thing be possible .
its so good app . i love it .
they starded friend and reward offer but they didn't give me 100 rupee recharge , cheater and fraud app .
i love to wechat .
please with the service .
battery issue's with this app not so helpful .
doesn't pay the money some time , which we earn by the offer . and offer get over before the time . and that be very frustrate , i lost125 of balance .
i have earn rs10 . for invite and earn but where i can check my balance . it show redemption period be over . but the redemption only start from october 1 . kindly tell me how to check the balance . wechat be a gud app .
nice . awesome . app .
hey plz tell today cant show werefer balance why app show me offer end wtf my balance achive 225 but nw how i redem this balance .
please add theme for wechat like line .
not able to remove my account . remove my account rat will change of 20 30 people .
not good not bad but its ok .
the new .
great app for voice and video call .
how to deactivate wechat account . thank .
download the apps an chat .
u guy say fr every referrel i ll get 25rs . i have refrred 4 ppls n i ws have 100rs . now wen i check bal it say redemption offer be close . as per notification redemption ws abt to start on 1st oct . plz dont install it .
necessary for chat .
location not good .
very good .
im just start this .
nice app .
moment date delay or get problem . its say 1 day ago . it should be 1min ago . so suck this new update .
it lag when go back to the conversation from view the picture send by me or my friend . please fix asap . video call just keep show connect or connection error even under high speed internet .
take lot of battery without even open this app , my htc phone say that it take 40 battery .
i use to hate use this app it's what my parent use so i need it to contact them and they have iphones . the app be optimize for their phone while it look low resolution on my nexus 5 . but now i can stand use wechat since it's hd . the splash screen still isn't however but i only see it for a second so whatever .
poorest version . cant change my profule picture . still get nottification after see it . so poor . fix it thank you .
she think its a inappropriate thing but its not ugh and all cause of that i can't get it .
wechat be way better than line hand down .
love it .
its reliable and easy to use and i be always intouch with my buddy and other loveit .
audio work on cell , but not work on asus 101 tablet , which version be 4 . 0 . any reason and able to fix it .
we chat .
i dont really find sexy girl near by i dont give a fuck unless i find a bitch to share my bed with .
i hope this app can throw back my past chat .
nice app .
dont go for this app its doesnt work properly always hang to my ph .
browse profile consume space . it store what you browse make surprise that you dnt have space anym0re . it also crash everytime you open it .
new version .
it be only one social app which be totaly free . and also give free recharg . amaze .
like it .
its awesome .
simply good .
i have problem with my account i change my number and i forget my password , i try to open the link but i couldnt , please anybody can help me .
never show the notification when my friend wechat me . need to open the wechat then just pop up the notification . wtf .
very nice .
i like it .
i like this .
nothing to say .
i want to change my number as the previous one i don't use it anymore but this app won't let me and say it be an error . fix this immediately and i don't even know how to terminate deactivate my account . god this app be so terrible right now .
this app do it for me . sophisticate enough for a programmer to use .
give only rs 50 recharge for rs 150 which i earn in fnr offer .
very good .
i cant recive till now my reedem .
when i will get recharge be their any hop .
although with great wifi connection , it take too long to load web wechat from the apps .
very nice app .
love it .
love it .
good job .
cannot use people nearby since 3 month ago .
i love this app but i dont know why there no red badge of my unread message of my wechat on my phone's homescreen . but when i open the app i can see all the unread message pls fix .
hell yea .
we chat .
cannot restore chat history .
it be cool and nice app for teenader .
everything be perfect . just one req plz show online status . rest all be awesome .
the worst one i have ever see . nothing work . idk why people use this app or wish to download this scrap trash one . it's my request to the devloper team to fix the error render customer satisfectory .
very good .
the video call function have some problem . there be no voice come out , we chat force close , network error . please fix it .
love it .
always show network problem when the speed be 4g . lol .
i like old wechat more than this new one , pls give me back old one .
the instal be alitte slow .
this application be very poor performance . it be bad application . dont be get and dont try this application to your phone . this application be also give you a problem like you phone hang .
i have change my account and i find ppl nearby option miss . dat be d only best part abt we chat . and now its go .
would like an option to online notify on the first message send and then quiet until you read the message . it's annoy that it keep notify with every new message until you look . i have to disable notification sound to avoid this problem .
wechat service i so bad , thay promote apps via send sticker in groupchat and be half of give us to some reward but after when we get reward they not give to us reward and have not an any credit like recharge . every time give error retry this process again and again . so please don't download and use wechat they try to make a fool but we be not .
wechat service they promote apps via send sticker in groupchat and be half of give us to some reward but after when we get reward they not give to us reward and have not any credit like talktime recharge . every time give error oops . your recharge have fail again again and also note if your recharge fail even after retry , be rest assure that we be try from the bakend and will get back to you by 6th october . so please don't download and use wechat they try to make a fool but we be not .
wechat have problem . my fon be hang .
a best ever social app than others . but more prob in video call .
i like it .
oovoo be better than wechat , because oovoo show who online nd when cm online , who read msg nd type msg , oovoo be too better than wechat .
great way to connect with friend . my on the go stay connect app everytime . love it love it .
before i really love to use this app , but now it take so much time just open wechat or a conversation . slow to get photo from other , low quality video call .
my memory full because of this .
after update the app , shake feature of app be show lott of reasults within 100 m range , while it should show one reasult at the point of time . be it possible earlier the app be work fine and be fast too . but after new update app become slow and feature also not work properly . please check these issue . i would give five star after resolve the same .
awesome app beter then all the others .
the 5 . 4 redesign be a huge step back .
