     
Good
Wechat wallet doesn't work
Ok 
Very good
So much fun! Way better than groupme
It doesn't work well on my phone can not send mp3 files 
 
 
Akax
The new update looks great. Unfortunately, it's still versions behind other platforms. Android is at 6.3 now. Sometimes the message doesn't preview on my live tile. And links frequently do not work within the browser. I mostly use this out of necessity since all my family members use it.
 
i dont know that for sure
Chat backup gone after update. It's one of the most important features in wechat, please bring it back.
Unable to do voice call on Lumia 640 
 
Add an option to "Deactivate/Remove the Account" and delete all data..  This is my final warning...
 
 qq 
 
Too slow.load many message after several time.notification ok.
 
Good. Please add support to connect to LinkedIn as on other mobile platforms.
The user experience on windows phone is terrible, anybody can tell me how to create a group chat on windows phone?
 
 
No entra
_ 
Great app
Just give everyone the same functionality as the iOS version
Overall, it is good! Just need more update!
Why all in sudden no more History backup/restore?
 
(I m on Lumia 950xl)
 wp 
One thing that is lacking here is chat during video call.. The next one is i used to use this chat app on landscape mode on my Symbian phone which we don't have here.. So jst 4 
Chat backup is gone after update for WP8.1. Please bring it back and make it work! _ 
Why are you crippling the Windows version of WeChat?
Good
good
 
 
Why the backup function is disappear after update?
i couldnt use and download in my phone
Excellent 
I like the black background setting. My eyes feel comfortable while looking at the large screen phone. Thanks.
Always hanged after I answered a call. 
For windows it's always bug fixes come on you guys update this thing with features like as in iOS or android...
On Microsoft wechat app I'll give 2.lot of feature missing....
 
Not work well on Nokia1320
I liked this app a LOT on my iPhone, but on my new Windows phone, it seems to have a "whirring," running sound in the background, whenever I use the app! It also seems to drain the battery a ton. Don't know if it's the app version or just the phone, but they don't seem to work together alms smoothly as with Apple, I'm sorry to say.
Lacking features which the other platforms have. Translate would be useful
 
 
Kenapa sering ngg bsa dibuka? Brpa kali harus reinstal? _
    6.0 10 
lumia 950xl ( windows 10)  3 qq qq   
 
 
Terrible.... Just terrible.....Guaranteed to make you angry if you use. 
Running ..Too slow in window, just like still in the modern age.
I m not able to check my free promo balance.
Please improve its photo option I can't send the photos which i saved from google , when i send the pic , downloaded from google its showed me off ( image not supported) please better the photo option quality
Don't know why. Just failed to get anything new messages from WeChat friends after I turned off the phone screen.
999
           
Does what should do.
Can't use the app using WiFi connection. Only mobile data which sucks.
Basic ability is ok, but why not to allow us to use WEIXIN pay  
The greatest app in the world.
_
The best ever thank you we chat
 
 . 
Excelente sistema de comunicacion _ 
 
 
Easy, useful, handy.
This thing is not for anyone under 18 all they want Is      like always
It's cool and convenient, however, I want it to have a translator. Apple and android apps have it, but not Windows?
Problem while uploading photos at moment. Frequently occurring " unable to send"..Android users can't hear my voice while calling. Working fine with other windows user.
Cool
 .
Super cool chat site.
Overall interface is good, features are way less than WeChat on other mobile platforms, need red pocket function! ....Thanks.
windows 
 . !..
Bokas no one reply ...waist of memory 
A lot of problems!
Shitty
Loading slowly!
It sticks, it drains my battery, data usage and phone speed...It is one of the most stupid app in human history
 
My battery loses charge very quickly 
Very good
         
 
Its automatically closing...pls help me....
Good 
Can't  recive verification code plz slove it.._ 
 onedrive 
Awesome application!
Overall works great and keeps me keep in touch with my Chinese family
No translation, no hongbao, no real time location sharing :(((
WP  
 
I can't able to get wallet in my Windows phone 
Esta de lo mejor que las otras aplicaciones que e probado en el telefono_
   
 wp 
Basic Malfunctions: Cannot use keyboard in textbox when share something in moments. Cannot use keyboard when send feedback in app.
 
Its just an ok app for messaging.  I have seen better.  The "shake" feature is pretty neat.  I did not like that a lot of the people especially men had pornographic images as their profile pic.  However, it is great that you can report those individuals.  Lastly, I dont like that you cannot deactivate your account (at least I couldn't find where).  .
 windows phone windows 
 
 
 app 
 
 
Nice one
Yaaah
Keep cutting me off on video chat and can't hear my wife and she can't hear me 
Wechat payment with qr code not supported, diditaxi not supported
 
Functions are limited.
Where is Wechat Pay for windows phone?
Much better than before. 
 
There is to many sexul ppl on I its weird 
It's ok _ but not as good as I thought 
 ~ Wp ~2016 1 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
 
Good app
 
The ux is too bad, not fit for win10. Let small horse come to see me, I must talk with him about this.
Windows version is not very good. 
 
I love it _ 
During voice or video call from Singapore(Windows Phone Lumia 1320) to China(Apple I pad), the person in Singapore(Windows Phone Lumia 1320) can hear the voice but the person in China(Apple I pad) can not hear the voice, this happen when the person make the call from China(Apple I pad) to Singapore(Windows Phone Lumia 1320)..This think happen about month ago, please get this fix!.Wechat Version 6.0.6.Thank.
Fantastic 
100
 
Hazhar
Love it
Cool app
 
Very very good 
 wp 
5 star
 TM 
 
 
 
Good job! The new update is back to normal speed.
Love it _ 
 
 
Me gusta
My whats up doesnt change after I changed it.it still show the previous one.please fix it.
 
I am a Chinese girl.I like it very much .Nice to meet you
 
I very very very like it , it's great
Hate it. It always cut out automatically when i open moments. Fix this wechat dev. In android ur awesome. I hope in wp also. Fix this immediately. If this has been fixed, 10 stars for you. Best app but minor problem might ruined everything. Thanks dev
Always automatically exit and other phone wechat now have video call in their group !! Please update to wechat 6.3.9 !!
 windows mobile !
 
 
Needs update ..
Verification code for Sign up never arrived. Useless.
Better than Skype to make video calls. I recommend 
0 star..waste of time...on shaking..shows fake ids or 2000km away...f    this app..
Very nice 
 
First of all, tech support consider non-exist, default reply for all, no live person answer questions.  App requires wechat  v. 5.3 or later still not supported on v. 6.0.,   very disappointed.
Goood
The program lack many of the functions that there are on the Android and Apple version. Now it suddenly stopped working on my phone. It shutdowns automatically when I turn it on.
 
Great!
 
Always crash.
This is pretty easy to use. I wish it was updated faster. And I wish the features in Chinese was available in all languages.
_ _wp_  _  _  _
 .
 
 lumia640
 
the latest update look sucks. I didn't see any improvement in this app. It just creates more lag and still not windows 10 design...URGH....
Great, better than Facebook or twitter
Amazinggggggg!!!!!!!
Me parese que es algo muy bueno
Anny44
 APP.  !
Nice _ 
Everyone wants sex. Download if you want to         
Thank you for updating..ur update solve my wechat laggy problem. However, u still have to improve a lot
Just update..nice
_
 
 
useless App
 
Nice
 win8 
This is the most useful app I have ever had during my wp experience. So sad Tencent is not going to enter the uwp platform yet, nor it's Going to keep it up-to-date with android and iOS platform. Microsoft really has to put more effort on w10m and get more company in to make the platform more exciting.
Video call not good
Superb app. Got so many friends from we chat. 
I want translate help tools while chatting.
Need more update as like as Android version. After start battery getting hot and charge decreases quickly..It's takes too much time to start also..Also need translation system like as Android version.
I love WeChat since I used it on iOS devices, now I'm using it on my windows 10 mobile. I just want to say don't give up windows 10 mobile. We love WeChat, we can't live without you. We also need new features and improvement like iOS and android. Only I can say is PLEASE...
I don't know why,but i can't download it....And if i try again,it will pop up error code... ..Any suggestions?
I like it
Love it
 .
Awesome
Hihi
Xue zhu..
Bring translate option to WP 
 
Can't link my bank card on my XL95; crashes; slower in use comparing to Android / iPhone
 .
so so
N o marquei com 5 estrelas pois tudo precisa de melhorias e esse app n o e diferente n o que ele seja ruim pelo contr rio mas eu garanto que se vcs o olharem bem vao achar alguns problemas a serem corrigidos  
Cool
Ok la 
 windows 
 
     .
     
No notification when i exit from app! Android n iOS have it! Make the app on windows phone like them!
More bad than Tencent QQ International !!
Finally, the launch speed increased drastically!
Still missing a lot of features compared to iOs and android, especially wallet and ability to upload videos
why opening apps take time too long almost 2- 3 minutes, my phone is lumia 830..all is okay , just it cant resume to apps because to open app u need 2-3 minutes..apps cannot run in background.
          line what's app Viber              .
I only wish it supported writing while holding the phone horizontally. Otherwise, it's great.
I installed 6.0.6 to my new Lumia 640(wp8.1) last week. My friends cannot hear me during voice call or video call, but I can hear them clearly. So I tested at home with my friends, and I found following bug. .If both parties are under the same WIFI, both can hear each other. But if we are under different WIFI, my friend cannot hear me, but I can hear him. .I already reinstalled the app several times, and even reset the phone to factory default, but no luck. .Additionally I tested with QQ and Skype voice and video call, and they works as intended. So it is not the phone problem..Hopefully Tencent can fix it soon. .
The UI is unattractive but overall the app is really good, with regular update to Windows 10 mobile app has become stable and fast at launch
All my friends and family is this to chat. I post in moments, more than other social media. Love all the features.
Love you, WeChat_
5
Please support win10 _
2 1 
Good apps 
Too slow for window phone
Please do not stop supporting for windows phone  
Perfect perfecr
It's a good app but no translation, no red envelopes, no phone calls, limited favorite stickers, takes too much memory, can't find sight saved in the phone, no wallet and bank transactions...
 wp10 
Some videos do not play, Nokia 920
Excellent _
 
Very gud but it need to be updated with few things. Thanks
 
         %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
No translation no updates no features as Android and IOS... Very slow and sometimesno notifications.. Do something tencent. 
Super
 
Need to update the app for Windows 10
 iPhone android 
When I call anyone he/she can not hear me although I hear him/her very well! That is only in windows phone and all people that I know have the same problem. This  must be corrected very soon.
 
 
 
Great app but a.no voice  communication is a big problem 
 
Great aap
 
 
Windows phone needs more features in sync with Android or iOS. It is too slow and freezes at times. 
It's is the best way and mode of communication.
Problem with contacts. If i do video call to my any contacts there call filed: Other user is not your wechat contact. Bu its my contact in phone and in wechat
squang
Recipient can not hear me
 
It's really nice and have much more features than WhatsApp..._ it have voice and video calling..._ it have animated stickers..._ "Nearby" feature provide you option to find nearby wechat user, you can send them friend request and can add them without sharing your mobile number. Most girls don't want to share their numbers because of security reason, this application is fully helpful for them..._ "drift bottle" feature is good for making friends from all over the world _..._ if you mistakenly send a wrong message to anyone, you don't have to say sorry, you can recall that message and it will be disappear on the both persons screen..._ many other good features are there.
 
 .. 
Great
Likely
Slow...just slow _ 
I can't create an account on Wagas restaurant, error something went wrong, any chance you can fix that please?
No voice!!!
New update, video chat is bugging, and want new improvements!
After couple of days of using it, I really think that this is by far worst social app ever! Trust me, it's not worth of your time! But everyone can check it out by themselves.. So feel free, be my guest..
     new version
Useless app. Can't even remove account .
Android and iOs are much better than windows edition. Please put wallet, instant translation, etc. Been using it for years and so slow updates...
 
Keep improving and update same as ios and android phone 
windows phone 
I don't know about it yet 
That's awesome social network ever i used..
This version of Wechat has no translation capability. Not good for business. I used the iPhone version for working in China.
Best
Muito bom  timo tem de tudo no app
Eu achei s  ruim que a chamada de video n o ta pegando
Just came back to thank WeChat for giving me the best friend I could've ever imagined in my life _ 
Average 
Can't find a reason to like it. So      ugly UI. Please let us have an UWP version of WeChat.
Very unstable for Windows phone.....will close app unexpectly and, it takes too long to open the app....way too long!
De forma alguma consigo acessar minha conta QQ, mt triste...
First moon page is time consuming
Slow interface but i like this apps
 30 
     
AMAZING. Absolutely AMAZING. I love this app with suuuch a passion. It's the best place to talk to everyone I know..The ONLY problem with it is that when you download onto the computer, you cannot have yourself logged out on the phone, and into another account..My only complaint, 5 stars~
Voice call not working in lumia 950, wp10. The user at other side cannot hear what I say.
Cannot open I windows phone
Its Amazing i like it.
I like that I can chat with my friends when they run out of service but all the people when you shake the phone to see who shaking theirs is people from china every time and the nearby thing sucks I wish you could see all the accounts from all over the world than just who is near by you 
I love it
 26 
I like the features. But there are serious glitches, for example, I can't get any message after upgrade my phone, loading is very slow when it works.
Taking 3 min tym to start in Lumia 535
No idea, why can't use voice call?.Tried many time but failed..New comer on windows phone, face this issue.
Other party hears no sound during video or voice call. Mic works properly in other apps including regular phone calls. I'm very disappointed.
we chat is the best messaging app for widows phone. It is also a great way to meet new people.
 
Radar not run. Please update go...
666666666
 jb 
 UWP 
nice
Hoping for a ui revamp
First of all its cool but y we don't get musically on window phone and also we also have problem calling people and also when people text you. U should be able to block them and the should be restricted to show nudes to people 
Great 
Grate app
Want to be able to save a sight to my camera roll.
Arrume o " agitar ", fora isso esta otimo
Too many connection issues
 
Very slow to load program. Sometime notification is not working. Using Lumia 640.
Cool
People will always keep InTouch with each other through WECHAT" "Go WECHAT Go"
 wp 
         
 
I just want         snap chat like seriously windows THAT         HARD TO ASK FOR?
 
This app is great! I love that I can connect and share with my Chinese friends!
Only use case...mafia city lmao  BenzaNinja hoo ha hi eeeehh waaa!!!
I can not install this app while before I could, always display the error code or warning "80073cf6"
Please update to windows 10 mobile, have uninstalled and installed few times, after few days usage app starts to crash and can't open anymore, than I need to uninstall and install again to use. Please update, thanks
It's ok, but why I don't have the new updates !!!
windows phone 
Need an update 
Good app
 . . Nokia1520 . Android   IOS . WP8.1 . . Nokia1520 . Android   IOS ...
 
 
Very good but the person am talking to cannot hear me
 wp iOS Android phone  
please update.
Very nice 
great
No audio
very good
How ca i send videos
If you forget the password for the wallet and try to reset, the UI will get stuck on the validation process. It keeps stating the system is busy.
 
Very good
 
Good
Why this go up?_ ..Thanks.Mohammad Bardestani .Www.saiteman.mihanblog.com
Difficult UI
Perfect
Don't receive any conformation sms...
Awesome one !!
Fybgjjkkk
Other one can not hear my voice when we use video chat.
Good 
Like it but no wallet for windows,version 
 
I've been using this app for over 3 years, through 3 windows phone and an old iphone... and I still have to keep my old iphone, just for Wechat!  PLEASE add the long press translation feature. This The app is great, but not formatted well enough for the Windows phone. Over 650million active users daily... we really need this..
No sound in voice call and video call
Good
 
How can I delete my account?
Restor my wechat
Awsome
 
 
Took forever to loading, crash ,crash and crash . Search message, crash 
 
Ningu_m consegue me ouvir em nenhuma chamada de v_deo _ 
 
We chat making my phone hang....whenever I get a call from we chat friends. Unable to receive and answer and also unable to hang the call also.....whole phone it makes hang.....plzz fix it asap. My phone is windows phone8.1
Nice and workable application I love it 
Where is the uwp version anyway? You showed a working version of it way before windows 10 was out. And we haven't heard anything about it ever since. Please bring the uwp, the current version is really old and way behind this of other platform.
Mosty      Guys on here... Don't go on. All they want is sex
I want to delete my wechat
Pretty good
So nice app
 
I cant update to the newest version 
It's pretty good _ 
I can't find anyone close to me:(
Sex
 
Nice one
WeChat took about 25-40 seconds to open since one of the later updates. So I uninstalled it and tried to reinstall it. It cannot be reinstalled. It seems to install fine, then when it gets to the "Restoring User Data" step it fails 100% with error 0x8103010F. I tried switching from SD to Phone storage and reinstalling, same issue. Been happening for about two days now. Wish I could use WeChat but need to use alternatives until this is fixed...
Laggy and always force close.. If you really care please fix it
I need a new version
AWSM App...
Is cool the app
5
 wog 
 7 " ...." 9 " ......"  
 
Would be great if push notifications worked. I message friends and they never receive it until they open the app. PLEASE FIX!
It's one of the best apps in the store having alternatives features for entertainment.I really enjoy it.....
very goog _ 
You can't send lucky money, you can't even receive lucky money cause "language is not supported". Can't open voice message. The others can't hear you on video call. When reading a long post, it will crash after few pages.   I appreciate your effort to make WeChat available for wp. But do it properly please guys!
not up to date sucks
wp10  skype 
 
Waiting for updates just like android and ios have...last updated on 24-08-15...it's too long
 
Take time to load after update. Please fix.
Its loading so slow at the earth. It takes about 1 minute and more to get in. But once it get in. It is smooth and fast. Please fix for the slow loading.
:-D
  
_ 
Very easy connection but sometimes I can't hear the voice messages .
Super! Can not live without it once you start using it.
Very2 lagging..please update..
Impossible to delete account!?!?!?!?
Has always been a solid performer, but with the latest version of Windows 10 mobile, after the first sign in, after exiting and reopening the app, it'll force close at the startup screen.
It becomes sluggish on my new Lumia 950. Few optimization would fix this.
Update it         ,why being         when it comes to WP _ _ _ _ _ 
   
Goodwork
 
The app load slowly, please fix it
I'm glad to have it on here.
So bad only nasty men
Since I have changed to windows 10, for video, voice call and voice messages the microphone isn't habilitated... Impossible to have a conversation.
Awesome 
too slow,and crash many times if I install it on SD card,fix this problem pls
9999
Very nice app much better than kakotalk!!
Doesn't show notification unless click into app. That's annoying.
Very good
Muito bom mesmo so poderia ter o botao de enviar as mensagens embaixo do teclado
Good 
mto bm
Always Crashes_ Im using Nokia Lumia 520
Please keep developing the Universal Windows app version of WeChat. Moreover, try to improve battery performance. Currently this app tops in battery usage. And, please consider integrating into people hub and messaging! Finally, we the universal version is published, please make sure it's fast, not laggy!
 
Love it!!
 
Wechat
TOO SLOW. I dont know if its because i add many emojis. Pictures quality is reduced!!_ fix this . Where is voice call!!! If others call me I can even hear myself I.!!!_ New UI is good though. Costs too much battery. Can't scroll back to see chat history when its too long. And can't jump page too..I can hear noise when using earphone.
 winphone 
Aswome app
_ 
0 star, when I call I am they can't receive the call , when they call I am don't receive even a ring.. What to rate this app, regarding msg and voice messages any other messenger would do, why waste 24mb for that, I don't know what's the problem.. Window phone app developers don't update things,  store contains lot of apps which are     , though some good apps are there, but this is windows phone atleast to keep up the name they must improve...
 
Need update
The latest update (v6.0.6.3) has slowed the app terribly. It literally takes up to a couple of minutes to open wechat. My friend is facing the same problem after the update..Also, the absence of wechat pay option is annoying.
 
Lag
_
I was banned and I've never used this app ever.    .
Very sluggish and slow despite of high speed internet connection
I keep on receiving notations " device out of storage" from WeChat and cannot access WeChat to clear up some unwanted messages to make spaces for future storage.
 
Love It! Fun & fastest connection with whole world for free! 
Works for a while but then photos dont want to load and you have to reinstall it to work right.  Also missing options on windows phone compared to iphone
Drain battery too fast, like 10% per hour when forget to exit with screen off. does not support transfer chat history through local WiFi, while Android version does not support transfer chat history through cloud. What the hell are you guys thinking about.
 
920 15 20 
 
 
lumia 730 
Just so so
Crash _ Crash _ Crash _ Crash _ Crash _ Crash _ Crash _
Snap chat is better 
It's cool but need a important in rewards this all rewards not useful give a Case balance in free charge 
 
Cool
Awesome.....
 loading 
Great product but way behind android and iOS. Please update the app for Windows. Thank you.  Also, the camera will not initialize with Windows 10 Preview on the Lumia 1520.
Soooo many features not available and since you've earned so much money why don't you find a uwp group????
 
 
Very useful I love it
I love "We chat 
 QQ 
Great application. 
 !
Testing.... 
Litter
 android 
Startup is so slow!!
Good 
  lumia640. :  tmobile CT-Mobile.. :  lte .
it works more and more slowly
Sucks
         
Thanks
Shake is not very good tool to connect 
Lot of people are using 10 mobile build so update WeChat to 10 os because it's doesn't work properly to 10
Strong
WeChat is one of the best applications available. Unfortunately the WP version of the application is missing important features I used to use on my Android phone; such as translating messages and the wallet, which are very important when you live in China and can't read the language _  Really hope they would update this app so I could recommend Windows phones to my Chinese friends.
 
Excellent but need to send videos
It works but it lags. I want feature to respond from the notification.
Best app for chatting
WHERE IS THE WALLET ON WECHAT FOR WINDOWS PHONE?!
Wonderful apps for communication in every aspects.
 
Not going well with Lumia 640xl.
App loading always stuck at the splash screen very long. Answering video call also affected...Please add in chat translator function as well.
:) ;)
 
Until i can translate texts like in android app...i will never give 5stars
 uwp, windowz 10 
100 
i'm chinese,you can join me,+8613203856103.i just like girls.
Nice and very cool app
Just not enough people near me.
 
Awesome 
Hi
gr. it is weat,  very convenient
Awesome 
Outstanding 
Ok
Very good 
Multidimensional, but right now concerned about privacy issues.
This app is a      !!_ 
Not bad works fine
Add me   GhostOfChristmas _
   
Can't logout...why?..
Nice 
Best
It is a good app and i give it a 4star. But i have only one problem with it . When i open the app it always take sometime  ..About a minute to open plz fix that .
win10pc  
 !
Some features still missing comparing the other two versions
Perfect 
 
quite a laggy startup. would be nice if launch could be faster...cannot change notification tone.
Real grate app 
Can't open at all 
It's just be a while since I downloaded this app,but so far so good.
 
 windows QQ 
 
N_o encontra os contatos_ 
Ok
 
Ui       
Review 
Awesome tools!
 
Awesome
First thing you need 5 stars for the app...like everybody does..2nd thing for that you need to improve...3rd thing is that firstly you make this app open fast. It take too much time for opening..4th thing is that secondly add audio sending option.much needed..5th is that I kindly request you guys to add these two features very soon.i mean the coming update...
Hope can have china version features like other china wechat
Lumia App URL 
Very slow loading and battery eater 
 10586 
 
There are weird men tat keep commenting when I do that shake thing 
Fix startup time
Slow connection 
Why can't work on video call under wechat ?  Can it fix it ?
Excellent 
Its ok but its hard to find people 
wp phone  
FC _ 
_
nice
Good
 
App has many bugs and keeps crashing with video and voice calls.
Great 
I this aap not have important option near by add this option plz make better than anroid
 
Wechat wallet doesn't work in the English version. If you put it in Chinese it only works half. It does not allow you to connect your bank account with the wallet because you cannot enter letters in the ID-part. SUPER annoying. In China you need to be able to use the wallet. Please fix it or reply asap. 
Not working
It's really good so far.
Good stuff 
I need help too change we chat id
 
loading time superrrslow on Lumia 920
 
 
Five star 
Damm!! Not sending the verification code to start it..._ _
 . . .1 .2 .3 .4 .5 . .1 ( ).2 .3 .4 .. ..
Nice
 
 
Emoji's are awesome, and the walkie talkie is cool. Keep up the good work
Excellent!
Parabens' amei_  emogis perfect _
need  Improve please
Lags but works good. Thanks
 .
Laggy, overheats the phone, and drain battery in the background even background task is off in WP8.1 and W10m. Take forever to start up. Hopefully we can get an app overhaul and a universal app for W10 soon
Excellent
Wechat  
Its good
Since about a month I am not getting any notification. Messages are only received after opening the app!! Please fix this! 
I can't find any American friends on here. I'm in the Tampa region and all it keeps showing is 4 or 5 people all of them Chinese or Japanese. Is this what this app can do then I probably don't want it 
After clearing cache of my wechat id ,i cast open the wechat app... When i open wechat my phone gets hanged...... Fix it..
Good
Nice app
Very good
Windows version of WeChat is a piece of $h!t. No built in translation, keyboards sucks, doesn't learn from previous chats.  Android version is far superior.
Nice app.
Perfect 
 
 
 
Sir/mam can u help me fix such what i'm encounter...godbaless
 
I like it it good apps btIf we could send video then it would be better like android
 
Yet to learn all features 
Excellent
always breaks down when I open an official account_
Not opening at all
 
Make video call available! Soo far behind the ios and android versions
Good
nice.  
 20 + 
And just works
Fantastic social media!!I found a lot old friends who,already signed up a long time, and we share our memory and discuss what's new , oh gorgeous!The customer represents are always surprise me, so sweet. I hope they have a good time talk with me about my little problem. I do,appreciate their hard work and friendly help. 
Can't send videos 
Ok
The phone is always frozen everytime I open images people send to me in the chat. It's been like this for over a year now and it's infuriating.
a Vere good app
 
Low
 
This app uses the old windows phone design language. Please update this app for a smoother, comfortable chat experience. Drains a lot of battery...
 
4 star
    
Great app!
All the function are good but if you guyz add a translator like android and ios,it will be better..thanku
Where to wjst.now  nowhere to go bit up 
How do yall even work wechat
 
Awesome, me loooove
 
Only 20 km...
Buena_
 
totally cannot compare with adroid
Windows 8 
 
 
Nice
 
1. Unreliable push notification. It never notify me new message until I manually open the app...2. Always one step behind when come to new release (it is very annoying when it tell you to update to use the new features but windows  update is not release yet or full of bugs)
Kewl_
After updating it's crushing every time.... And its became to slow while typing... Please fixed the problem... It's too much disgusting when it automatically close...._ 
Won't update on brand new 640 XL, keeps saying error 80073cf9, tried 30 times already!!
 
 
It died several times in a few months. I had to install again. Everything got lost again. Also, its starting time is longer than 15 seconds now!!!!!!!!!!
This is bad enough. Please have an update for it. It takes so much time to open this application and this slows down the ability of us to reply a message in an emergency. 
The best chatting app ever on windows phones. One thing I wish to get fixed is the calls ringing sounds when phone is put in silent mode.
Keep up _ the good work.
Constantly failing to receive video/audio call and failing to start new calls, please fix!!!
Brilliant and awesome 
It doesn't have group video calls
Not getting the verification code 
My favorite app.
Always update 
 
This is awesome 
             
 60 
 Windows 
Video calling does not work sometimes .. U can make it better
Annoying! Can't understand why many people use this. I have to install wechat because I need to contact those who only use wechat. Otherwise I'll never use this inconvenient application!
suck
Very confusing functions, nothing in comparison with FB and What's Up.  Only use this for share moment, very limited, with people can't use FB.
Amazing 
Bakwas...
 
Interesting
Why does it takes forever just to open this app? 
   
Useless
I liked this app, it works perfectly and has no problems. But it has poor UX
Good app _ 
It's a really good app & also very useful app I love it _ 
Taking too much space
Hideous invasion of privacy, all kinds of junk mail, and too much app storage space.  Uninstalling.
All it is is Middle Eastern            sending you dick picks and video calling you to            on camera, or asking you to help them come to America. I've even received videos of people saying my screen name and doing weird fetishes. This one guy even sucked himself off and told me he wanted me to "     him in the  ss." _ I'm a girl btw. _ 
 lumia920 
Not getting the people near by while shaking..previous versions was best
Can't send files.
Mimi
 
 
    
 
This is my favorite messenger app.
   
tam on 
 
Why I can't video call in group?
Booty_ 
OMG!!  I just cannot believe how long it takes each time for the app to open!!!  It had been working fine until I updated. Please fix it!!!!
Good app 
Soyabkhatri32@gmail.com
_ 
Why are there so many         arabs
No use with this app now. Where is bottle drift??
It's really nice
Well thought out app, some features not intuitive 
It sucks because people I don't know what leave me the hell alone an keep messing with me talk an send me sexal things 
Well made but conveys a lot of inappropriate content.
Wechat the best of the best chat site , very very nice wechat more then 5 star.
It works!
       Chinese app
Why Windows phone can't post messages only. Hope this issue will be solved by windows phone soon, wake up Microsoft.
 
Super slow in starting crashes ALL THE TIME
Nice
 
OUT
Make us happy. Thanks you WeChat
Enjoyable 
_
Please fix this!!! video call on WP7 y its not available. Tsk I hate it
Very poor and irritating, every Alternate day I need to uninstall n reinstall again....For Windows phone it sucks...
Sucks
Please change the UI on the next update. The UI should be like window-ish not a regular wechat UI you see on many android phones. 
Nice one
Nice one
Haven't got to use it yet..
Good app.but one problem, in no online feature......This is very big problem, plzz add online option for make better app....
I don't like one think on Microsoft phone don't have directly translator like on iPhone have when someone type you in Chinese you tapped and can translate so pls make translate on Microsoft phone
Not support for wp v7.8,upgrade please
I love wechat..because i can do everything on wechat..paying bills..
It's really a good app
Great app but doesn't allow but 4 cities in my state. Cities I dont live in at all. All you get his a bunch of child predators from other countries sending you inappropriate pictures.
Good 
When I try to login wechat account.  It is indicated that this is an unofficial version. I need to submit requests to verify my identity. I have made several attempts. It still does not work.
very good
Just wanna give 1 star, NO-REASON
Pretty awesome _ 
 
 
Tell me why~ I can't forward voice messages.
 
It's not working in windows 10 properly. Every time trying to call someone it's says restart the app or try again. If the call received then the app goes off that ls suck do something _
Great
 ..
Very bad in opening session..slwly run but it can me make up but no rotation on the screen this is really ridiculous...please fix the prblm qick
Please add password lock
 
 
 
wp 
 
Not very good on Windows phone without internet. Works well with internet connection.
 
Wp7 
I can't translate using Windows phone so if you can do something about it it will be great.try to get a translator in Windows phone 
Ever since the V6 update, the bugs are now starting, like:.1) Log me out if you don't everyday view your chat..2) Voice message repairing is too late..3) Resuming too late..4) Needed to login first in the Facebook Connect. Doesn't auto....5) Orientated my battery while I writing the moments..6) Send videos is cancelled..This is awful.....Tip: No messengers can ever enable us to send videos since the latest update.
Wack     app
okay
It's not at all private.
Very Bad!!!
 
Cool
 
I cannot set a profile photo. It's the worst app on earth. Please fix this issue.
For first instance it works without any hassle. Once you exit the app and reopen it gets stuck at introduction Picture
This is not a updated app for lumia 710
 
 
Wechat is a battery hog, functionality is inconsistent across platforms and upgrades are not really upgrades. It's downloading a new app that wipes out favorites, stickers... Boo hiss! Please fix. Also list the fixes so we know what we're supposed to be getting. 
Too slow
N o gostei muito. Mas Adro l ... 
So nice.
Cool _ 
It's good 
I would like to give it five star to support the development of windows phone app
Very good 
 
   
Exelent 
Could be better, could be worse. People are right though, FILTER CONTENT NEEDED. Like       I'm tired of seeing           people greeting me and shiz. But I do like it. It just has some loading problems for message retrieval/recievance.  
Its awesome if only U stay in a good area..
 
Good helpfull
It's getting longer to open it.. What's the problem?
On the whole a really great app. Try it 
 
Please Fix These Bugs:. - always crashes when loading photo album.- only shows half my moments and I have to click my profile in order to see the rest.- animated stickers stop moving after I re-enter a chat
When can we have WeChat pay? WP version is so far behind still!
 
 10 10 
   
Can't send videos from gallery. _ 
 
 
 
 
Fantastic app, but takes too long to load on Windows phone. This pales in comparison to other chat apps.  
 .-_-||. 
Terribly slow on Lumia 820...it takes like a minute just to open!!!!
Only some location issues
 
Update...... Pleeeeeeeeaaaaassssseee!!!!!!
I love wechat,. But the windows version is very obsolete,, it doesn't support many features like the IOS version or android version.. Please improve it
The worst msging app.. .Its more website than application, which is ironic at some level. .Takes a lot lot of time to load..New msg appears only 10-20 seconds after the sound and notifications..This has been the problem for a long time now. They really didn't take this development for wp seriously. This is embarrassing.
This is the worst thing ever made 
Push notification got problem ,open app slowly 
 
Does not support latest chat log migration 
One of the best Messenger in the world..I love   it 
Must use for finding new friends...
Windows phone  
Love this app
The resuming issue is terrible, after testing only this app get this...please fix it
Great idea, badly implemented. Another example of lazy Chinese programing. When will Chinese take pride in their work?
In general a good app, although there are a bunch of things to improve: Fix the emoticons, they are not consistent across platforms. Also, a way to disable the notifications when opening the app would be nice (it's super annoying when the ringtone is silent but wechat still plays the notification sounds). Also, a faster startup would be nice (it's really slow compared to WhatsApp).
 .
 
 
 wechat 2 
Good for find nearby
 
Please add text converter Chinese to English language. IOS & Android hv it.
_!_!_
It's a great popular app, but in Windows Phone is missing some functions in comparison of iOS and Android. It also takes too long time to load in WP; up to 2 minutes to load. (my other apps load fine in my mobile)
 window  
Great for chatting with friends and easy to use, just wish they had a couple of small features like confirming that your message was seen by specific people and using the phone camera software when using the camera button in the app.
 
 
Thanks for supporting wp8.1!
No wallet function on Windows, so many groups will not let me join
 
 
Need update!!! Very show when enter. Please fix the problem!
Confusing!
Good application 
wp 
 bug
Crash,load slowly 
It's awesome _.Thank you _ 
Nice app but need online status of users and in chat need writing status.pls add these option to get 5 stars.
 
Good one
 l 
It's not allowing me to change my profile picture.
Win 
 
Nothing good simply not working on windows 10.
Can't share vids, which is the down side.. Please enable sharing vids like before..
 
 
very gud one
 qq 
Nice
I want translator in wechat
Hello, I have experienced many problems while trying to migrate wechat logs from WP 8.1 to my Android device. Basically looks impossible to keep my logs because once uploaded in server I can't restore my chat history in 5.0.2 android device. Pls provide with a 'WindowS Phone to Windows PC backup solution' to solve this,many ppl use this app on various devices!
Slow n unresponsive     .
 
Opening the app is too slowly and it doesn't have many functions as Android and IOS and the updates are too slowly as well.
All good except for the missing translation feature like in Android and iOS
A nice, simple way to keep in touch with friends and family around the World 
 
 Windows 10 Mobile api ui win10 
 
 uwp 
The app keeps force closing itself 
Awesome _ 
When I want to change the background, this app will crush. Please fix this bug!
It's a very good app.but i can't share any kind of music _ or video. Pls solve the problem.
1020 1 
Load very slow when startup, please fix it
greedisgood1000000
This is a wack app..every one..is far away..and the lady want talk..wack.._ 
 Wp8 
Can't wechat be updated in windows  phone? I can't send files through my wechat 
 
 
707
Lacks translate option and wallet 
It needs a lot of space, but it has notification now, that's a good thing
_ _ _ _ _ 
 
Love _..It
Nothing is new there
Just fine
malware everywhere..fix it please
Sucks. Starts to block messages even when chat friends have accepted one as a friend. We chat should add a confirm button to ensure one does not block friends accidentally...Esp. When falling asleep holding a smartphone...
Wechat offers are not real....thay are dump...
Slow response 
As long as i used this application is good. 
 
Love it _ 
Facebook killer ;)
 
Good app....
Great App 
 
 
200
Pioneer for better features
Keeps crashing on my Lumia 1020. Latest OS. Tried reinstalled, same...
36 seconds to load from the splash screen to the main menu, from the past two years it loaded faster than whatsapp even on 512 mb devices... Once its fixed, I'll change the stars.
 win10mobile lumia830 edge .. win10 
50 50
     
 
Phone getting hot
 
iOS and Android versions both have built in language translation capabilities, the WP version needs to catch up!  2 stars for the WP version, 5 stars for the Android and iOS versions.
My batery drain fast and its taking forever to on
Awesome app!
Nice.....totally enjoying 
Great :D
It's nice to meet people around you 
Not a great app.
    Cox n Dix 
I can't find my wechat app! It's installed on my phone but I didn't see it in my menu. Can you please tell me what is the problem?
Its okay but need fix bug when open moment picture.._
 
   bug 
 
Top pe hai yaar 
 
Xaliii
Wechat is our chat _ 
 
Please add the translate option in chat and also improve the notifications feature.....it really gets annoying sometimes 
Great app, but notification is not working
can't open it. Try reinstall 3 times! Waste of my time
lumia 930 
Ph n m m ch m nh ng th i c ng cho 5 sao
It's good different 
25621
 
I can't download it tell me invalid code.
Crash more and more. I don't expect the same features as iPhone or Android, but please just don't crash.
Bad
 !
 
 ? ?
This is future of chatting.Amazing app
Cant download the app.
Much better than other similar applications. Number one without doubts 
Nice network 
Hangs a lot
5109126601
The video talk doesn't work well. 
Not to bad
Good app only need wallet service 
It take more than 5 minute to login . Please fix it
Inner cycle open to all? Hehe.
 
Closest person is half way across the country?!
 
wp 
Gud app for calling chating ..vedio 
_tm_
Nice
Can't sign up too bad 
I can't show on people nearby 
All of a sudden it doesn't want to load on my Windows phone..was working before..
I like wechat very much
Update please. It's out of date .
 
 
It is the best chatting platform, its by mistake i am un-install the application. please help me to download this application
 
Chido 
It's a great app, but there are many features you can not use on WP that's bad!! :(
 
Excellent work
 .
 
 
Perfeito _ falo direto com o meu amor _ 
Amazing app! It takes only 48 seconds to load this, every time.
simply awesome...more backup options would be great...
please improve overall
Overall functionality is OK but over time becomes really slow to start ..takes at least 5 to 8 seconds to start its so annoying
It is a great app can't wait for windows 10 version!!!!
Excellent work 
So far okay app. Crashes on occasion playing moments and listening to audio messages.wish it could translate messages on the fly, Instead of copy/paste into a separate application 
Can't delete the useless wechat account 
 0 
_ 
I really like this app
Duh best cool app
This app is sucks 
Awesome _ 
Lumia 1020 win 10 mobile cant send photo in wechat  .
Unlike other apps this app allow us to share pics...comment,like,etc. 
It's the one that came with the phone so I use it but its the same as the rest _.
Love this!  It is so easy to chat with everyone!!!
 
Would be great if it worked.  I accept the call and the app freezes.  Totally useless.
   = =
Ok
After the recent update it either crashes or takes too long to open. It's frustrating.
4 star  ....video uploading option needed
Aft latest update the application is not at all opening.. Plzzzzzz fix it ASAP.!!! Very fast.
 
Shake isn't working, Even after turned on the location service but still asking me to turn on the location. Even after so many updates, the problem still occurs 
Great
Fantastic....
Good but need more users from all country...to chat 
After the recent updates, it crashes many times.
 
 
 
 windowsphone10 
Good
 
Very good _
An excellent social app. Sign up an account and start connected with friends.
Too slow
 
Needs to be updated and matched with Android's feature packed 6.2.4 version. This is way behind..--.Kodus for making it worked in EGPRS/EDGE data conn though.
 
still slow after update
Verification code always not existing 
So slow..._ 
The best thing since sliced bread _.
 ui 
laji
No translation feature in windows
 win1000 
Unable to install after 6.06.106 update. Developers please check.
Unblock does not work in 6.0.6.2.  I put a group member who is not a friend in the block list.  After I unblock him, I saw"unblock successfully" message.  But in reality, he was deleted from the group.  So don't try block in WP.
 
why I can't open my wechat
 
 IE 
This app is good
Can't access to gallery to change my profile picture.. Please fixed!!
Its ok
 
 
Good
When chat cannot space down,camera cannot focus and detect take the photo
Latest version unable to recognize or handle PDF attachments. (both WP and some versions of Android affected).
 
Thanks for new update. Everything seems working more stable and better.
Why there is no translation service for windows phone. Its not good in windows mobile.  it suck for video call as well. Even i just updated 48 min ago!
_
 
Good
I installed and within 24 hours I had a request to accept a friend who's profile pic was of what I assume to be their penis! Some chat app this is. It's just a front for the real content
WeChat is a fun and easy way to chat, connect and share.  Please keep those cute stickers coming!
     
 
Love it
It's really great. Thanks tho the administrators to provide this.
Hola
Slow and laggy. Please fix. Thx so much! 
nice
No wallet services 
Cool apps 
It is so awesome that u cloud chat to someone 
   
It works great and it has some cool options but I live in Pennsylvania USA and all the people I find especially the people nearby game are from the middle east or Asia??? I mean the app says getting location from my gps and than says that a person from Iraq is 12 miles away. Same with everything else like drift bottle, ect. It's really cool to talk to some one from another country but this app is completely lost!! LOL but I know you guys will fix it up, nice work and if you get that fixed than  this thing rocks! Great job!
Great but I can't find the games
 0x80073CFD 
 iOS  Android.  
 WP QQ 
 
Great application 
It is awesome to use we chat to communicate  with friends and family.
Can't even get into the support team of wechat on deleting my account.
 
 JB 
Wechat on windows really sucks. You can't translate nor use the wechat wallet. Please do something about this.
Test
WeChat dev team, please add search function for messages as well.. Keep up the good work! Love it 
hi
It's good
Phenomenal app! Ended up downloading because a friend recommended it to me and I now prefer it over a majority of the messenger applications on the store. The UI is simple and responsive, the app has video call, voice call, walkie talkie, group chats, etc. I highly recommend this app to anyone looking for an all-in-one type deal.
Lot of bugs I uninstall and reinstated this app but still closing without warning please fix
Its awesome 
I         hate it a week after I got the app my phone has been virusing like ah mother        do not get this app   
Crushes from time to time so I need to reinstall it often. Very unstable. New functions update at least two weeks later than on Android of Apple. I don't know if it's because it sucks itself or Windows phone system sucks. Probably both.
This is         . I skipped the option to notify my contacts abt my newly created acct. But they were still notified.          privacy is lost.         ...Also crashing on lumia630 right on startup
Nothing to say.
We chat
   
Pros:.Honestly, to me, it looks better than the Android/Iphone UI. I like the 'dark' theme. Everything is just as smooth as it should be. .Crons:.Force close / crash when resuming. And this happens quite often..I would give 5/5 if this bug been fixed.
Good
Best app have many good features..._ 
Very good _ 
 
Not able to make voice call using wifi, over cellular data works
 
Can't select screenshots.
Need Rotation.please
 
Wonderful 
CoOl _ apPS
Good
 gif 
Me encanta esta aplicasion 
Doesn't work with my wifi no more 
Bad
Terrible high battery drain: phone can be used only few hours. Need a bugfix ASAP. Notification problems: Windows notification are not sync with wechat notification and , most of the times, you will get the new messages only when opening the program. All of this forced me to use an android phone. I'm in China and wechat is used by everyone. Windows phone 8.1 Lumia 830
 
 
I'd > mzhm-cu
Nice
 
 
Excelent
I can not connect to another contact 
Unable to download pictures or upload photos. Bad application 
 lumia830 window10 
Ok
Why does it keep crashing? On my Lumia 640 as soon as I open it, it crashes!!!_ 
80073cf0 mistake
Good
 
Unable to log in on a smart phone without SMS.
 
Does not allow user to delete account once being set up.
Unable to upload pics
   
Xbbqvhsbcs hdbggs. vxcjjncscn
Try my new app "Hintr" by Arif Danial! :D
App has been running horribly slow on my Lumia 1520
 
Great app
good
 
Please add region filter for shake. I cant even find my people in shake, always another country
Love it
Nobody here'
Perfect to make friends! 
Not connecting to calls 
 
Voice messages sent under speaker mode have no sound, but works fine with earphone plugged in. Everything else works as expected.
 fix
Will the full lineup of emojis EVER be supported???? Getting sick of this limited emoji situation dude. 
Bakwass
WHY THE FVCK SHOULD I POST A PICTURE WHENEVER I WANT TO POST SOMETHING ON MOMENTS?.THIS REALLY ANNOYS ME. I JUST WANT TO POST A SIMPLE QUOTE WITHOUT POSTING A FVCKING PICTURE.
 
 
Enable auto translate like in android 
 
good app
People nearby option is not coming in my windows phone suggest me.....
Good 
For few day Wechat stopped working in UAE
It does not recognize Somalia international calling standards. Please correct this.....
 
THIS IS A AMAZING APP I RECOMMEND IT but u still don't like the fact snapchat is on here can I plzz add it
can use speaker
<3
I'm happy 
 
I can't connect now I update it. Too much bad.Don't download.
This must be the worst chatting app
A shabby app for silly people.
Nice
 
 
Missing Wallet function on English language setting. Highly annoying! I have tested both ios and android versions and they have Wallet functions in English, which work perfectly well for foreigners in China - so why not windows phone?
Only problem is there is no translate option..
Always crashing and loggy during incoming video call and voice call when the phone in sleep mode, cannot answer the call any more...
         
My wechat app crashed between updating......
Ok
Love WeChat   & recommend it.
 
I don't like this app bye.
Good
 
 
No better than  
 
Pretty cool app. Lots of features and great interface!
Hiii
 
hello         Baby_NANA0307 
 
 820 
;-)
 
 
 
Goodbsksbja.
This app sucks when I put in my number it says it's incorrect
 qq 
Most function are not available and too much crash .. Please upgrade wechat for window phone 7 .. 
 .
:3
Needs to be updated with Android 
Can't add nee contact. All directions in correct. No translation
Nice good luck _
Decent interface, but totally useless.  So confused why this is rated well.  Has nothing to offer, you will not make any connections.
Won't let me download wechat. 6.0
It realm sucks
I love the app for having people to make a group chat or just socializing with others. The only thing that I do not like is the "Shake" Feature because if you are a male you would get a random female person, and if you are a female you would get a random male person. My point is, it should be diverse having a random female AND male person. But other than the Shake feature, THIS APP IS GREAT :)
I don't receive notifications when app is on in background. Help!
Not good enough
Shake not good..i just shake people around my country only
Its good to meet new ppl around 
Loved using this app
Not stable on windows phone
Hffgvj
Awesome app... Plz give an update.. It's force closing in my phone. Was working great but not now. Plz give an update
Screen doesn't rotate
_ we need to change our priorities _  there's too many minority's _ in my water park_ - Erik Cartman.......seriously guys if I wanted to talk to a terrorist I'll try my best. ....really smh
Best massaging  app ,great  features _ 
I'll give it 5 _ if it's give the language translate option in next update..._ 
It takes longer to load after the most recent update.. Sometimes won't open when tapping the push notification.. 
The latest update is       All your update is to make this app occasionally crash in WP
5 stars
Why cannot see other people moments in moments
great
 
i dont lyk the fact that you cant translate onchart like with other platforms on android and ios
 sd 
No tutorial to set up an id and can't add friends
Video call and voice call is not working. _ 
Battery draining so much and want translator in chat box. You should give this options to us _ 
Waiting SMS for a lifetime 
Fvckyou
add video sharing plz!!!
     !!!
Always up to date n cool for free recharge..
This app has helped me stay in touch with family & friends when traveling in Asia and Europe. 
I like we chat 
Can't play or listen voice messages on nokia530 phone on latest WP updates.
   
Awesome!!!
Nice app but can any one say how to use translation in windows version??
1. English.Log me out any time.....Fix it please.....2. Chinese. ..... ........3. Malay.Log saya keluar bila-bila masa ... Ketatkan sila .....4. Spanish.Cerrar la sesi n me cualquier tiempo.....Arreglarlo por favor.....5. Afrikaans.Teken my enige tyd ... Regruk asseblief ...
Very good very international 
 
 
Thanks a lot
 
 
Good app, but still many feature are useless
 ie 
          chek network.     
 
It's good and all but it loads pretty slow _ needs to be faster 
6.0.5 android 
Awesome 
Finally,I can watch videos in moments again. Good job.
Lags and slow refresh
Please l can't receive any massage please update it to windows 8.1
 
Wechat is the best. So good that i could never get the SMS verification code. I'm still waiting for the code which mean i am not able to create an account.
 
 bug bug 
First of all...      this      .Great app! Its works fine on iOS/android, but clearly the developers never put any effort into the WP version. We dont get functions like wallet when users on other platforms do. It is also very slow and unstable, sometimes the moments wont load. If app developers actually put effort into windows phone apps, WP would soon overtake iOS and become the best selling phone system!! Pls take WP seriously app developers!!
Why i can't see my own moment... Please update.. And fix the notification for 8.1 update.. 
A good communicate apps within many marvelous function
Can't verified the account, please fix and update
No notifications on win8.1, plz fix it!!!!
The app is very slow, takes forever to open.
Still slow in showing notifications. 
 
 
 
I just downloaded for my WP and doesn't send SMS code to even login or to start using app please fix.
 BUG 
This app is the BEST messenger alternative!!! It's very helpful with long distance. 
Awesome _ 
    1   .     .   
 
 
Many stickers are cute _ 
 
To me this is the best chat n better than the ones, easily signing up with  your email _. But it do have some drawbacks ,if you don't have a front camera _ you will have to not look at the screen or do your video chat and looking at the back camera. Other people said on here that they don't get any notification or alerts when they get a _. But I do _ maybe its because I my phone is a 635._. Waiting for that 640 and or the 640XL.       So 4 Stars _ 
 bug
 WP 
The app for windows is way back its ios and Android version, still missing allots here. For example one of the missing is the wallet feature in English interface..and many more. Other than that I could easily give it 5 stars instead of 3. Hope they do the upgrade sooner. 
 
 
 
Orgasmic
Cool _ 
Nice
It's really not a good version. Why do not even has the blocking button. 
Super cool _ 
80073cf6
can't submit mail."To ensure the security of your WeChat ID, you cannot change the linking for the moment."
 
Does not open
I can not open the shared URL in moments!!!
Thanks for the great app, but plz allow sending video files and play games
After the update, i cant view moments
 
It's good but it don't shows quick messages as fb and WhatsApp do and the shake feature is worst not working showing location error
 
On windows phone it's bad. Randomly freezes and corrupts. Had to reinstall. There goes my chat history. But whatevs.
 
good
I love this app. All the features you could want and I never miss a message. I strongly recommend.
too slowly and auto quit 
Nice app.. Waiting new upgrades.. 
 
 
Message in a bottle should come back
 
 
Add last seen feature 
Very perfect and suitable for communication 
     window    
The best 
No option to delete account. Beware.
a disappointing app. it is hard to find friends nearby to make friend. I hope it will be easy to use like Zalo from Vietnam. Now I just want to uninstall WeChat....
 
Can't open older moments after the latest update. Fix plz.
Great
 
Put a translate in it plzzz plzzz
 
 
 
Very good
bug 
 
 
 
       
 
It's so bad that I have to give 1 star for this app to submit my review. This decrease my battery _ life from 48 hours to only 5 hours. Battery usage of this app is very high, don't install this app.
Great app but filtered in Iran .Plz fix the problem.And change the server.Tanks 
 
 moment bug 
 
 
Nice app good work guys
             ..             ..
 !!!.
       
Excellent 
 
 
Nice bt make it more active and fast startup 
 
Unable to preview moments, please fox critical bug.
 
   
Kk
 
 
 
       
Its stopped working after the new update 
Pretty good
This app is great!! Thanks WeChat 
           
With a lot of connection problems ...
Nice experience _ 
 bug 
Please add description for photos. 
 
 five star app _ 
 
Good 
 
Developers please please please make .1. an option to add videos from mobile or SD card....... .2. And give an option to save videos in SD card....... .3. And an option to text even when we are in video call....... Otherwise its a great app 
 
It's a garbage!
Can't make or receive video and voice call on wen 8.1 please fix it
most updated and useful social app for windows phone. Thanks for the we chat team!!
 
 
Wechat
Awasome
Good
Useless app
I need screen rotation in this app.
It's all good 
Works most of the time. Lots of crashes when answering calls...Hope devs will fix these issues.
Push notifications have stopped working. But due to excellent staff response to reports and issue-handling, plus app fluidity, four stars are retained.
 
I downloaded the second time n it still cant open always crash  Pls fix android version was better at least it wont crash n cause me trouble
 
Good app. Quality video calls and audio calls. But need more features. 
Update new wechat .
 
I like the app but I would like to have certain proximity with the search .. 
I often times don't see my messages, the notifications are on but don't show up
rezaulphakhi@outlook.com
Good
Good
Ok
 WiFi  
nice
Cant open application sometimes, live tile is also disabled, no way to restore back except to reinstall the application again , which losses all chats and stickers !!, this is 5 th Tim I'm reinstalling and writing this !! 
Realtime notifications please, win 8.1
No notifications.....plz update
 timo aplicativo, mas poderia deixar eu escolher a quantos Quil metros eu quero que apare a as pessoas, s  por isso que vai leva 5 estelas 
It's completely crashing and unable to upload pics in moments... Please try to solve such problems...
Terrible
Shake isn't working!!!
Too slow
If you like it,if you want a china friends,my wechat tuyibin614499249
1192855803@qq.com
Nice app
why always crash in WP version. Many times!!!!!!!!!!!! Could not be opened suddenly!!!!!
Lots of          and no matter how many times I block them, it doesn't work 
 
Sooooooo ugly! UI 
Very good. I have been using it for an year. No prob what's so ever
Nice nearby search
 
I like this app. Best part is we can logout as and when we want and there is option to chat with new friends also through People Nearby. Voice and Video call very easy to make...Wechat is one of the best apps!
 
Frustrating, after I tried to have my account on multiple devices, wechat kept saying that I have an unofficial product of wechat and my account was banned or closed. When I did the verification code process, it said the account doesn't exist. 
 
 
 
Falta mais pessoas do Brasil!_ 
Battery getting down quickly
 
 
 
 
    
Good I read it everytime..
Best social App but my country isn't available in this App, Afghanistan, Kabul
Super, even beats Whatsapp, amazingly.
When some body send massage no have navigation 
 
Yes...........I got it !?
I think its a great app! My favorite feature is the emoticons, they're so much fun. I also enjoy the walky talky feature. Keep up the great work guys m. 
 
Very poor application it can not open in my phone 
Good excel issues with notifications on Windows phone. No notifications unless app is opened
Works good, sometimes does not show notifications
Notifications are not working the whole morning. Please fix
No notification in Windows mobile 8.1 update 2. Please fix it quickly.
Poor notification. Never pop out. Please fix it
windows WINDOWS 
Dissapointed.  Can't use over lte on windows phone.  
 
Great messaging app
 
Sucks .. Sometimes i can't open it & i can't download a new sticker . But pretty good for chatting & sharing a photo . Do make an update, please . Video sharing also can't .
@1qAqqqe 
 
Good
WP 
Wichita 
Ok
Add my id: buixin
WeChat is a fantastic app for communicating with friends from all over the world. It's fast and reliable and easy to use. It's not as robust as some similar apps but its simplicity is a strength. Group chats, sharing photos and voice chats are all very well executed. I use it every day!
Love the application! Best there is! However would love to have the translate feature available on other phones such as iPhones. On Lumia 930
Correct
Recently super slow. In response. Kinda jammed up. 
Hao..
Cant change profile picture!!buggy     
 
It's awesome 
Awesome! You get to chat, call, and video call people. For FREE!
As an overall, it's a great app for chatting and has lots of amazing features, and it's the best. My only problem is that i was never able to make a video call or a voice call. Everytime i call someone, or someone calls me, i press the answer button, but nothing happens. It stays on the call page, and wouldn't respond unless i drop the call. Thank you.
Best application
Nice
 
Everything's fine, except there's no way to link the bank card, hopefully this will be fixed
Business 
Worst app ..
Pretty good 
It's a pity zero stars isn't an option, all this app has is sex-crazed/deprived Arabs and Indians
Interface can be improved
 
I can't login 
 
P ssimo e Est  faltando a op o excluir conta, como os concorrentes whatssap e ICQ.
Sucks
   
Well wechat is not user friendly 
Windows phone version doesn't have the wallet version. Devs, it's like you don't care about the windows phone users.....this sucks!!! Other platforms have all the functionality and it's awesome but I'm a fan if Windows phone. This is a big let down_ 
Great app
Great 
I hope the next update will include feature that can minimize on going video calls 
 
 qq 
Please fix the notifications 
Excellent 
Can not unlink the phone number. Very poor app.
 
So slow   
My lord
Not good for wp7
So far so good better with the latest update 6.0.3 even though we are behind android and ios they have 6.2. One thing is that notifications sometimes fail to notify on my phone.  But that is random.  Other than that good app. 
     
 
wp10  
My account was banned because I use "unofficial" copy ow WeChat, which I have download here. Seems Store distribute unofficial software 
Kurang cepat,lola
 
Better chat app ever but need add live tile contact to more speed thanks wechat team _ 
I love it, it's amazing but the shake feature doesn't work sometimes. It mostly give me no match, lime out of the 7billion people in the work there has to be at least 3 shaking their phones 
Good, but we cannot delete our account if we wont use it anymore
No vedio call is present, and also can't do audio call . 
It is not properly work in my phone please help me
Good 
It's ok
    
D q getz!!!
 
 
Awesome!
Why my wechat problem...please update...i cannot open my wechat
New version us too bad
Notifications are slow and sometimes twice for a notification you've already seen. And it has happened that the app completely refuses to open (it turns dark grey) and the only solution is to wait it out or reinstall it, making me lose all my data. 
Well 
 
Only thing can't send saved video in window phone...._ ...and pls integrate wechat to people hub.
very good
Super great .. Love it _
2
                
 
Great app! Makes it all fun again.
 
Useful app
Good app.but make it better..Star video call feature for back camera
 
Nice
This app just is not working on my phone. It constantly freezes every time I use it pretty much doing anything from sending a message to looking at pics.
Cool
You are far better than any other Apps.. Nice Audio & Video performance... Keep it up _... Pramod..
This far better than skype :) like it ..
     
Good improve it much better
 
Am a cool person 
It gives me error 'unable to open voice note' when I send or receive a voice note..Windows phone 8.1 Lumia 930
Very nice 
 
The best social media platform on the planet! The moments feature and the group chatting are simply fantastic, and the UI keeps improving.  I love WeChat!
 
 
Always crashes in windows phone.. All my history is gone always.. I need a way to get this resolved
 
It have some bug _ fix .. Fix it shows chat restricted
 
 
Excellent
Good app, quit working today though. Crash on startup every time
Consistently fails to show notifications for new messages.
Cannot install.
Good to be part of these.
Lovely 
It shows in store that wechat is installed where as it's no where in my phone
   
 
  wp 
Nice app, but there is no notification alert on win8.1 and is extremely slow to start. Almost 1 minute to Be fully charged and usable...
 
cannot sent video _ 
 
 (Lumia 638) wifi 4G 
It takes a long time to load new messages
Muttu
 
Cannot sign up with +855 71        in Cambodia.
_ 
 
Nice
Improve the app
I am a Chinese and I want to make  American friends  if u have the interests please add me at V-JACK-ZHU thanks!
 
I think it's awesome 
Unbelievable fun to use WeChat chat with my friends and families. LOVE   it. 
 
Waste of time...there is no active users 
Can you make were you can't sign up with your phone number,or let us change you WeChat: ID .PLS.....!!
Great
rubbish 
Awesome!!!!.
I hate this app. I personally wouldn't even give it one star (but I have to for rating purposes) The only reason I got this wasteful app is because I was sort of forced to do so. Not only do I want this app permanently deleted from my phone, I also want it gone from any emails and phone number used to install 'we-sh%#' 
It has a bug.
Good
Very well 
this app downloaded and then messed up my phone _ 
Keep update
App is good.. But i cant find a way to share videos... If anyone knows how to share videos.. Plz help
 
My love...
 
Need update 
 wp 10  
Chat reviews must be able to retrievable page numbers, it's too difficult to scroll all the way to the beginning, each scroll can only get around 6 lines of chats.
Guys please get the conversation scroll bar back through which we can view past conversations quickly and effortlessly. with out the scroll bar it takes ages for us to browse the past conversations and memories. so please get that feature back so that it would be helpful to so many people like me. Hoping the best from you. Thank you !
Where's the broadcast Option...!
There isno sending option brodcasting messege as well as for wechat team 
Nice app...
wp 
It's so much fun
 6.0.3 
Do not have the ability to share videos 
 
 
Nice
Tried to complete my profile, says "To ensure the security of your WeChat ID, you cannot change the linking for the moment." Apparently the previous owner of my number registered an account with WeChat and hasn't used it in a while. Is there anyway for me to unlink my number to that previous account?
Need status, showing online of user... Please,,
Great
Server blocked in Iran.
Good app and working well _ 
Good 
Taking too long to load the moments and buggy
cant connect in lte model 
 
Great app. To be the best it could has the time stamp and those warnings of people writing and message read. It'll be perfect! _ 
Best
love it .but you can do it better!
 
Win10 
My moments notification doesn't work and the sync to fb thing doesn't work ... Hmm please fix it then 5 stars will be given
Nice
       
 
Good 
No wallet
 
Add some offline online sign mode its mean account is activate or not because many accounts are deactivate ..It's too slow and network problem .. Call disconnect sudden .. Add some music file option and notification problem and voice message only 30 second please fix it ...
I cannot sign into my account because I have to verify it. I can select my friends photos but cannot press "ok". It's at the very bottom hidden behind the refresh and next bar. Fyi I have a Microsoft 640
awesome _ 
It's good for user's 
 ORZ
No language translator for windows phone _ 
Awesome !
Crashing this unexpectedly, plz fix it soon for wp8.1
Nice UI, nice features unfortunately my friends barely used it.
khong co phan mem dich giong nhu   asus.
It's a great app!! Great way to keep in touch with close friends and family!!
Great app. Thanks 
Keep crashing on window phone
A bit buggy at times on WP but still sets the bar for mobile messaging. ;-)
WHERE IS THE DRIFT BOTTLE
 3.4 
 
awesome to awesome 
N consigo adicionar ningu m 
Love this app, am an avid user. I'd give it 5 stars but within the last couple months, the app has gone idle. The tile goes dark and wont open. I have to uninstall/reinstall it every time, and I lose all previous chats and settings. N2m the notifications dont always come thru. Overall tho, its easy to use and I like it. 
Kool
 
Minus one bcos of loading slow on my lumia 535
 
now I understand why people  say sucks...
Doesn't work on the Lumia 640LTE as the verification system is nonfunctional, just get a black square.
To many people keep asking me for nudes an other stuff. Plus there are WEIRD people on her. I don't recommend it to anyone specially girls. I give this app an F
Bakwaas
_windows _windows_
Can not launch on WP10
 
I really like using this app... It works really well, but I've had to uninstall and reinstall the app twice already in just three days... Simply because it grays out and won't let me open the app unless I uninstall and reinstall... Than it works really well again
Excellent
Es lo mejor en video llamadas por telefono
Xk no me mandan el codigo
win10     
 
Not work! I see the message "invalid number" or "invalid account" to the facebook login!
Junk app... The proximity factor is way off ... People living 6000 miles away are showing up as less than 200 meters
 
 
Landscape mode?
Only battery issue, it consume lots of power....
Need update
 QQ 
 
 
 
app bacana, a fun ao ao meu redor traz um novo conceito de bater papo, vale a pena testar. programa o do app eh boa, linhas flats e tipografia de acordo, gostei bastante dos emojis 
Very good.
   .. I cannot access with my window phone. It kept telling me to updated.         
Nice
It is easier than Skype 
Shake seems hacked
Excellent
Awesome _ 
Cheche
 
Very poor quality, the location which it's taking is too far away from actual current location
 
This version of wechat is bad. It ran into a state that I couldn't open anymore. I had to reinstall it, but that caused me losing chat data. This happened twice to me within a week. Another problem is: I can't open some moment pictures, but I can open them from iPhone device. Please fix these asap. Then I can give back 5 star ratings.
Wasteeeee
 WP 
Rated
It's very good _._
 
 
Need translate option..
I cannot translate conversation. Mine is Windows 8.1
Love it
Good work .
One of the best app 
Epic
 
I use this App on my Windows phone and everything works 100%.Thanks 
 
 
 
 
After recent update, some pictures in moment unable to view, totally black, and please add feature for WP user to post status in words
Very nice 
            
 bug 
Video calls is not clear. And my cam is perfectly fine
It's unique Lol to many Asians
 
Konecne fungujici komunik tor. :-) + velice zabavne funkce typu vzkazy v lahvi, atp :)
fighting come on
 
This is the worst app I have come across , due to this app , I am going to loose my hard earned money , because I lost the chat history and could not retrieve it back. Same old         Chinese cheating concept 
 
     wechat
new material design is very Good.. Only need a game like android and ios..
Por favor atualiza esse aplicativo ficar sumido sozinho 
 
better than Line 
 
needs to update to be up par with ios and android.
 
No method to delete account!!!!!
I've stop using wechat because it drains my phone battery a lot in the background.. Please fix this issue.. I had to restart the phone after I open the apps to prevent it drains my battery..
An option to select a specific country for searching for people would've been cool. As for now, you're only able to search for those in your vicinity. :/
I only speak English I don't know what I'm getting and I put girls only I get everyone.
Nice
 slow, no notifications.
notifications not shows in system setting. 
It is really cool but it took me 2 days to figure it out _ 
 
 
For Chinese, Wechat is WhatsApp +Line+Skype(not really)...... Everybody uses it. For people learning Chinese, definitely you should give this app a try and add some native speakers _  .
 
App sucks only Asians an fakes
Trying to do a QR barcode scan with the app just results in an error stating you have the wrong version and offering a non-functional download link.
 
Great_ 
 
 
VERYGOOD 
 
 
     THIS      IT DOESN'T EVEN WORK WASTED MY         TIME_ _ 
 
Awesome app!
I just wonder is the distance correct or what???
I can't log in with fb or phone number it refuses the sms code
Really need a translator.
Cannot get update and can't use the app any more 
I love this app... 
Good
Better than BBM. Problem with notification. No notif that show that i have new message. But when i open app, new messages are coming.
Nice
 
   
I can't sign up in Iran.F fix this bug
Great app but need some changes like a help section where to consult what do some icons are etc
 
What the f  k! I always get peoples from china.... Whenever I shake
Add Russian language please
 
Cool app
 
 
 
It's unbelievable this app do not have the option to block anyone. Even when I delete some of my contacts I continue to receive messages of them. It sucks 
I can't save videos 
Live tile gets stuck and no notifications come after 54 unread messages
View chat history is a nightmare, completely difficult! It's best I can download the chat history to text file, otherwise please bring back the previous feature where reading the chat history in horizontal scroll...
Not working anymore 
Good
 
IOS and android have more features.Please add all missing features
 
Superb design
No one uses this
Can't load any message until reinstalling
wp8.1 
I use this app everyday. It does its job. But I hate the green color and I wanna be able to change the bubble chat color... 
Very interesting app
Great app,love it 
Good
Cool
Thank you!
Need a way to identify if the other party is actually getting call request. Now it rings even when the other user is offline. 
It is a really great and amazing app...but, strangers have been trying to contact me, and have been sending inappropriate content for me (I'm 11)!
After the last update it's doesn't work _ 
No Voice??what!!!!please fix it asap
Excellent._ 
Good
Update plz
Super awesome app bt has limited emoji, try it
good
 
It will uninstall automatically and I hav to download again and again~~~~pls fix it !!!_ 
We can got video calls also 
Excelente.
 
Nice apppp .I can make more friends from here ,. .And nice option to make friends via shake or drift bottle. This is totally different than other social apps . .My we chat id :ajaymeledath . If you are looking for an friend please add me .....  
Wechat "Moment" font background color is black but foreground color is grey, the. contrast is too low to read 
This version of wechat has issues with my HTC 8X wp8.1, it wouldn't start after a few days use. Icon turns to gray. This happened a few times now. A reinstallation is needed in order to make use of the app, and of course all the messages were lost after reinstall.
This app is the worst app I have ever seen its sucks they dont want you to login into in cuz the phone they are invalid that's so stupid to say  
 
 
 
Its just brown people and asians
nice
 
loads longer
 
 
Very nice communication tool in China.
 
 6.1 3.4.6 ?
Not bad
 
 
This update is     . Skip this one. Fix the voice issue.
One of ma fav app. Lots f new friends.. 
good update please 
good
 
 
 
Always bug
Its hard to get people in Tucson 
 
So amazing program. I love it. 
 wp 
So falta aparecer se a pessoa esta online e o  cone que aparece se a pessoa visualizou a mensagem dai sim vai ser um app top
Can't send voice message can't play voice message pls fix it 
 
Awesome app
Great app 
Still not able to send a pre-recorded video.....Why....Why.....
I love it.. Could help if it gets Arabic in the list of languages.. You gotta love those animated emoticons!!
Cool
Great to contact friends from far away 
Best app for social media and customized grouping that I have ran across have been using it for years...
 
Where is the games
   it
 
Cool app vid good work good wd 7.1phone.
Use it daily to stalk people around me lol
Never open it when updated.Hope new update fix it!!! It doesn't work now.
Zero star...        app is not working only.....gets off every single time
 
Super functional! Love it.
 
 
 .
wp8.1 6.02  30 .
            !!!Crash. 
T rk e l tfen.
I would have given 5 if broadcast option is availed 
I can call and text with friends. But it is the slowest on my phone now. I'll wait for twenty or thirty seconds after touching. Make it faster please.
Can't link email  and QQ
Awesome super fun me and my family. Love it !! Everyone should try
Best than viber, telegram, whatsapp and others
 
 
Nice only for adults
Why do I find only Chinese people on shake and that too just 5-10 km away from me... Please fix this bug.
 Lumia630 
App  sucks. Cannot make video call at all. Even app respond is very slow. Frustrating app
 please fix it .. slow _ 
Better than before 
Review 
How to share a URL in moments? Very user unfriendly.
Can't login, can't sign up. What's the purpose of this lousy app?
 
 
Hahaha 
Enjiy the we chat programe
 
System freezes often
Very bad _ 
Got no responding at times. It's good still.
Its a great app tho. But when viewing a GIF photo, it takes a long time to load and sometimes wechat will crash. Hope will fix it ASAP
WeChat,for WP8 sometimes never pop up notification. Please fix the bugs. If this can be further linked to all cloud contents, e.g. SkyDrive, Google Drive, Dropbox, it will again enter into business category to replace Skype. If eventually it can have credit for calling hp or regular phone, then Skype will totally be replaced. Reason: Skype grows too slow under Giant Company....
   
Picture moment quality not same what i upload..
No broadcast option
Good _ 
Good
_
Its ok 
Great app
 
Happy
what the hell after update it always close by itself something i cannot hear my friends voice need to restart worse I use nokia520 please fix this app pls 
Dandik
Good
Please update 
 
Can't change fonts?
Sounds cool, but does iPhone 6 have it? (all a my bff's have iPhone 6)
The most complete chatting app on windows phone! _
 
Nice... And also can you add a function to comment the status with photo comment? 
 
Poor app  without any games 
Very poor app, a lot of bugs _ 
grew app thx for keeping up to date!
 
Way no have video call in windows phone 7
 
Slow startup times lately, but good
The people on here are disgusting and very vulgar.  None seem to just want to talk to different people around the world all they want to do is have web sex
Need to improve more..
 
 
 
 
operate very slow.sometimes app is close auotomaticaly .update and fix it .
 
Can't determine if the user is online or not
need wechat games
 
Audio message doesn't work in this version
Rubbish 
_
Loads pictures slowly and it doesn't support online chat translation like other operating systems, Android and Iphones version.
 
Does everything I want and then some.
Most of the times it Hangs. Pls solve dis problem 
No broadcast message yet.
 
It is a great app to keep in touch with friends
If you want 2 exceed The block or filter that your government imposes 4 The peoples, learn about VPN'S, Windows Phone has The feature natively, or download a third-party app such as VPN IN TOUCH wich is free for a while, and then, ya follow paying if you like. It will even accessing social networks when they are blocked at critical times. If want information of how 2 mount an own server, or want learn about Backtrack Linux, contact me maybe. 
 
 
                               .
 
 
 ?
my phone gets hot! I'm melting.......
Crushes like a dream...
 
     
Best
hello WeChat, theres a problem on switching camera from front to rear when Video Calling. it freezes when i try to switch to Rear Camera and it never comes back to front. Taking pictures from front to rear is working well...Hope you can fix soon.
Can't open voice message after update, why????
Need to update timely..
 
alway crush unopen
 
 !
Please update..share music n wechat game
Wechat
great
 
Please update this great application with possibility to send videos and sound clips will be PERFECT 
 
 
The voice and video call doesn't work when the apps still function. After a few days, the apps can't open, receieved the notification only, nothing I can do.  I try reinstated it but it doesn't help much.  Plz plz update!
 6.0 5.0 
 
 wp 
 
 
 
still not very convenient
It worked great w WP8.0, once my Icon upgraded to 8.11, it stopped working w data, just works Wi-Fi at home
Nice 
_
 1 . 
 
Is good 
Eo melhor 
 
 !!!!!
Need to improve
 
Very good.. Easy for use...
This is the worst app I have ever had nobody should  ever get this app
Very Good!five stars!
 
Winphone bug 
Nothing to complain!  Keep good working!
Muito bom se n o o melhor app de mensagens instant neas  recomendo.
I love wechat on windowsphone, faster than on other kind of OS, my only problem is none of my friends use this.
Lumia 635 / 8.1 ! 
Poor interface, difficult to use 
Can't even unlink my phone number
 
 
It's
 
 
        slow response when pressing almost all button , very slow loading sometimes stuck and lag because loading friend's comment at Moment . Pls update
 
Great app but I'm currently encountering this bug which is it can't connect to internet even if I have stable and fast connection.
it's not perfect. But I've to use it because it's popular in China.
     
Excellent 
There should be a games feature for Windows phone users and please fix the part where you can link your QQ account because it won't let me link them together. Otherwise it's a great app.
 
               
Works flawlessly
 
WP 
 
Need to update!
good for WP 
I cannot use the ScanQR code to add new friends and login the web wechat
Melhor de todos
Startup loading so slow...pls improve more faster...
 
 
Awesome _ 
 
 
Perfeito no wp
The app is absolutely amazing. However, it would have been more enticing if it had means of archiving messages and security features of blocking disrespectful users. .Otherwise the entire setup of the app  is so spectacular . Thump up_(Great Mishma) 
 
 
 
 
Kurang puas
6.0 
 qq 
 ???
6.0.2.1 save video doesn't work!!!
A lot slower in WP.. Shouldn't update  it..
 
no
Not getting the confirmation code
Ok
How to delete my wechat account?
A bit slow when trying to open the moment. 
!!!!
Love   it
Good
Rocks _ 
This works great, just as good as Skype, maybe better. It's easier on the eyes, easier to look at sent pictures, and the emotes are way cuter. I haven't had any problems with the app at all either.
 
Cannot play voice message
Can't connect to internet sometimes 
 
 
 
 
So nao mostra quando  o contato esta online nem quando esta digitando 
Not much
Great
 
O app    timo  s  que parou de ser atualizado.... Quero velocidade na inicializa o e retomada do app ...meu lumia   fraquinho precisa de um app mais fluido , quando vc trabalha com.wp , tem que se adaptar primeiro  ao mercado de entrada  pois   o q mais vende , lumias 520,s o milh es de unidades espalhadas pelo mundo ... E a Microsoft vai atualizar para w10,ainda , foco   tudo , vcs s  tem a ga har quando demonstram seriedade no trabalho...  O app   um dos melhores na minha opini o , precisa ser  aprimorado para atingir o grau de excel ncia
 
      ...      ... 
_ 
flash quick
Bad
 
   
The best
 wp 
 
It's a good app
 
 
Fantastic 
The launch time is too long, like min 30 seconds on my 920, too slow
5.3 has been outdated for a long time. Need version 6.1 as ios and Android!!!!!
 
 
The best
weixin mafan
Cool
Awesome because I can see my bff now!WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
  bom, mas n o est  abrindo na vers o Windows 10 pra Smartphones
What happen to the shake effect...bcoz when I do the shake...all I can see was an advertisement that I don't even understand...pls fix..it..thank you...
 
Last updated was nice I can't understand Chinese.shake was very rubbish 
A good app but it doesn't work these days. The icon greys out and I can't reinstall it and keep getting the error code 80073CF6!!!
I like it 
I can't get anything on shake.... Its showing my old friend only.... _ 
 
 
What the      happening with wechat? Shake only shows in Chinese...  Everything even msgs are also in Chinese... Like hit by virus....
 
Please help shake option is Chinese word fix now
Idiotic app
 
I can't use shake ...... It's go to a Chinese website    
 
 windows phone  
Currently running slow on my Lumia 525. When typing the word appear slowly and lagging. Should I reinstall or what should I do?
Great app. It looks good and most of all performs great. Request: Add video to my timeline. A short ten second video or audio message in timeline would be awesome
 
Awesome app!
Great application, the world is a village near you ...
This app is great.
 
Very good
 
6.0.2.1 
Love this app
Notice some issue after update, the start up for the app          slow
Crashed in windows 10 technical preview for phone.
So lame doesn't let me invite or even message anyone!! About to uninstall 
 
For some reason im 6 miles away from people in china and I live in Colorado this app is useless if it cant determine where you are
Good
In general the app is quite good! My wife's been back and forth between the US and China for 2 years so we use this to stay close. The video chat is especially useful when the bandwidth isn't too bad.  If I had any suggestions, I would add functionality to show if there are any wechat messages on the lock screen.  This function was included on my previous android phone, but has not been included on the windows version yet.  Also, if there was a way to delete old unused sticker sets that would be great; I'm starting to have way too many to sort through.  Overall, pretty good messaging app, but a few improvements would be welcome.
Good app but crashes a lot on Windows 10 TP
easy to use 
Add me. Nameless_Retard
Can't post a video.
 
         .
Dey s no update m nt able to send stickers
 
So good 
SUCKS, DON'T DO IT!  Malware attached to it.
After the recent update, the start up time of the app is awfully long. Maybe in about 15 second or so.
 
Not energy friendly.. Consume lot of battery in shot period.. Also slow and heavy loading
 
It now has features like the android version. Thank you tencent for continuing updating this app for windows phone devices :).
Muy bonito dise_o _ creo que es la mejor app par mensajer_a instant_nea en la tienda, le hace falta un dise_o para fondo blanco. 
Good app. Please update to support Windows 10
 
I love this app but I can't log in
 
Does not have a close account functionality. Videos say download failed.
8.1 
Awesome app
 
Good
Very good app _
Last update is so bad _ 
It's fxcking ridiculous, can't receive or send voice message!!!!!
I think this is the best app ever, way better than Skype. Love being able to talk to my friends. But the bad part of it is that u need internet or it won't work very well. Other than that it is a five star.
Good night _ 
Good 
Cool experience
Verify image option hidded behind my keys fix this bug on Lumia 535
The filtering is so disgusting, plz fix it as soon as
Thank U..
Good features...!
good
P
After update the new version it does not work properly. I've decide to uninstall. But the problem is i can't reinstall. It keep showing 'attention required'. And there are also some users having this problem and there is no solution yet. Hope your team will overcome this issue.
      
   
 
it's bad
 
           
13/2 updates for windows 10 for phone?..12/1 love the new design  
Love it. Very helpful for long distance relationships;)
 .
Stopped working on Nokia 930.
 
 
Nice
HTC
We need to send videos in gallery please help 
Not connecting from Pakistan... Loved the app, bt i thnk i hv to say gd bye to it -,-
Its an awesome app, but too many lag and bugs.
 
 
Hell Yeah!
 3 920
_ _5.0_ _
 3.4! 
wp 
 
                                   ...    
 
So easy app
 
 APP 
 
Not good. No video support for windows phone.
Awesome,fascinating,great and fantastic app! 
Update 02/10/2015: I have quit using this app completely due to the notifications defect. I was not receiving notifications for messages. I had to manually open the app to check for messages. I cannot recommend this app...Update 01/24/2015: For the past couple of months this app has been majorly malfunctioning. It has been, on a very regular basis, failing to give message notifications. I have to open the app to manually check for messages. I have missed important messages because of this. This is a severe defect the renders the app pointless. Please fix ASAP!.----------. There is no auto correct! How can such a basic feature be missing? Also there should be a way to customize text alert sounds.
L
Wonderful and useful chat app.. Was to use
Good 
I like a lot this app, I can communicate by a simple way and it is easy to use. I recommend this app!!! .Also in Windows Phone _ works very well it goes very well!
Still one of the worst app from the stupid chino guys.
   .
No video snding option need update
New update have problem, when i chat with friend after some chat msg show user not accepted your friends request. I still able to receive msg from his her..
Quick and clear
New update suck my voice and video call is not running. I been facing when I update it few days ago
Such a shame.. No updates.. Full of bugs... Laggy.. No response from Developers... Uninstalling even though i will miss it... You guys ruined this app.. Give better updates like Whatsapp.. See you after that.. Bye.. _ ...Updated Review : . i downloaded new version of wechat v5.4  to give wechat a second try.. Well .. I am convinced with the UI design... Its eye-catching.. But the main problems still remains... The app is HELL SLOW even after the newest refined UI...  Come on developers...you can do better...  .AGAIN UNINSTALLING.. Give us faster Wechat like Android and iOS.. Make sure your app works smoothly in 512 MB RAM devices as well..  BYE... _ ...UPDATE : The All new WeChat is awsome and works like charm even in my Low RAM device.. this is the kind of update i was asking for.. 5 2 stars.. Awsome work guys.. Impressed with WeChat 6.0.. 
 
Why for download new need wifi _ not have wifi_
Great app. Drains my battery pretty fast but that's the only negative thing I can say about it. Everything else is perfect 
 5% 
 
Moment aren't workingggg
.No in built translator for windows phone
 
30 
 
_
 
 
It has a big bug in this version, tile become transparent, can't open the app, just receive and can't do anything. It should be update soon!!!
   bug  bug 
Fantastic app 
there is no push notification and also I could not listen to voice messages!!!!!
 
Gubaa
The best chatting app
 
Good.but internet in iran is filter please repair wechat for iran.tNx
These guys are a Shame. I CANNOT log in thru my own phone..They keep sending me their access/verification code which when I put in says it is expired. .I tried to scan their QR code but it says not recognized..U Guys solve this issue or u will lose all your users, but do they even care?
it turned to be gray_and also could not work after_i had to reinstall the app_but my chat history disappear_
the best one 
 WP 
6.0 bug 
 
Wechat is really good and I LOVE THE EMOJIS AND THE STICKERS ~
6.0 
 
 
Good but can't send videos and we can't scroll back the chat history like before.
Wechat versi sekarang keren
Fun application and easy to use.
Nice app for tp
 
Kaim_ 
 
nokia1520 
My wechate  app doesn't not work...( Lumia 925)..i can't open my apps
 
Lovely app. 
Thanks for the latest update!
 ! WP8 
 
 
Finally it made it to version 6!
Good
Great great great I love it
Nice 
 
This app needs to have a cancellation option.
Always reboot itself when I was typing,it's  rubbish
After update today WeChat is not working it asking login again, I fail to login, trying reset till after 4hrs I am not received Verification Code....so zero stars for this app....
Cant install/update after the wp update!
Good
 
 winphone 
I lost all the chat history after an auto update 
Still loving it
 
 
Thanks for the great support for windows phone! :)
 
Nice work. Works perfectly. 
 
Please Update  The current version..Many messages from other platforms (Android & IOS) can't view. Also lack of sight function..Please make it better..
Too late notification on win.8.1 please update again
 lumia 1520 
 6.0 
 
 
 
 
 wp bug 
Error code 80073cf9 on windows phone
 
 
 
Great for meeting new people 
 
Wat is dis??I cant signup...wen I type in the pswrd..n click next...app force closes....utter waste of time...pls fix this....
Update please,no video call
 iphone 
Awesome _ 
Very slow
It's just awesome. M loving it. _ 
Dou apenas quatro estrela pois deveria ter a fun o de saber quem visualizou a mensagem e de saber se a mensagem foi entregue alem disso tamb m deveria mostrar quem esta online, porem o app e muito bom.
Really needs updates sticker are not supported for WP
Good aap 
 
Nice
This is amazing! Thank you so much. What would also be great is sending short video clips, not as long as the voice clips maybe 10 seconds at most...
Great 
Just needs to integrate with WP as an alternate default messenger...pretty flippin awesome though!
Please update feature like sight same as android and its already in year 2015, make some changes
Muito bom, mesmo faltando algumas melhorias. Poderia ter a op o de enviar v deos.
 
Great
     !!!!       Appx. !!!!!!!!!win10!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Superb...if online and offline notification are provided it l b more impresive...
 
Nice 
Best app
The best
Good but its slow when i open it
Please add this function who is online this function are missing in wechat
Very good!
Should have delete account function
 
   
Nice
Great! 
 
wp 
Show
Bom 
 
Great
  
ok
Great......
Yaaaay. It's bangs!!!
Really needs a latest version!!!!!!!!!
Great, useful, and fun.  My favorite chat app by far and a must for anyone in China or with friends here.  Can we get an update to version 6.0 though? Sight function and option for foreigners to use wallet function please!
This is a great app because you can text anyone who has the same app and has an account. I also like it because you can text for free as long as you have WiFi.
Use for age of sorcery
Definitely need to fix the battery consumption issue.  It's using nearly as much battery in the background as it does when I have it open.
Bad app it's not same at Android _ so bad app .she needs a million update to be good _ (losers)
Cool
Had it for 2 or 3 days now and I haven't found a bug or one thing I dislike!
 
5.4 pretty good but please bring back the existing chat history option, need to view old chat quickly like in the old version.
Ok nih
It's was good. But now I can't use it.  I can't find it on my phone and if I try to download it from store I can't. It shows that needs update but if I try to update it couldn't install . So what can I do now??
 
 
Nice
Um dos.melhores do mercado    
 QQ .
Great app for communication. 
Wechat is the best app for finding new friends who are nearby to you....i'm loving it_ 
Brilliant. 1 thing to add - timeline. Would be perfect. But still 5 stars < 
Poor performance in lumia 830
 
 
 
 
Good 
WP update too slow, after so long still can't view sight. Pls update.
So cool
 wp wp     
 
 
   
 
 
It's very slow
Can't support windows phone 8.1 notification 
This app was superb before last update. After update it throws me back to the app list everytime I want to open it... Very disappointed _..I don't want to reinstall it because I don't wanna lose my chat history.. Help me.. My email id is shashiprakash0009@gmail.com
have a nice day
Wechat
 ie 
So fun!
 
Awesome _
Good
Gud
please help me in Iran ....it's filter by brothers :D:|
Pay more attention
good
It's only 
Perfect to get in contact with amazing random cool people all over the world!! 
The best messaging app by far!!!
Cannot send or receive videos or even music links
 
 
Pro
 
Nice
 
 WP 
Hola
 
Love it!!.
No support for micro videos almost after half a year since the feature is available on other platforms... Tencent do you care about windows phone users?
 ,  ,  0.5 .
Great work in this team app
I would give it 5 stars if we had feature parity with iOS and Android.
 qq 
Easy to use. Powerful functions!
Very good app
 
     
   
Nice
 
FITTTT
Very useful and good app... But needs a couple more options/features 1. I love the shake option, but please Tencent, add a button to look for people. The shake is ok but I don't want to hurt my wrists by shaking my smartphone 10+ times... Another option I'd like to see is the check marks on messages because I want to know if my msg was delivered or whatever... Again, cool app and I'm still loving it...
 
Smtimes its not open in lumia 520
 
How to link whit facebook but still awosome
I love WeChat very much, would be appreciating if WeChat can indicate the last seen time for friends. Thank you!
Smott
Thnx for being on WP 
Awesome
Not updating
PRO:.  It doesn't require acces to all my contacts. That's the reason I use it..CONS:.  Doesn't integrate Windows Phone UI.  Contacts/conversations can not be pinned to start screen.  It is slower than other messaging apps. Everytime I go back to a conversation app needs to do a refresh so I have to wait 2-3 seconds for showing all messages...
A trash app, not able to add any contact.
Please add call for windows 7.8 
 
I don't have a phone number because I'm a student who needs to save money. I can't verify my credentials now, so I can't talk to my family anymore. 
Cannot sharing a song and cannot sharing a website page !!!!.Don't have a sight !!!! No notification!!! Cannot play games!!! Fix all these things please make it as good as ios and Android 
More features pls.
Can't send videos I've saved to my phone. Features are poor compared to WhatsApp.
Great app, however, a bit of a battery hog
Horrible app needs alot more improvement. Needs more users
 
We chat id rg_fun 
Awesome 
Nice
I would give zero rating bloody hell app totally mobile alot hangs about this app....
 , ?
 bug 
Super. .    
Nice and easy app_ 
 
Come on! You could do better!
Can't play video well 
Excellent app for chatting, we have to enter a name for  searching it shows only one id only but in android it shows all names .....that's the problem in windows.If u used to enter a correct wechat I'd  in windows it shows invalid I'd.........thats it otherwise I will give 5      ........
 
 
Bye Skype. Bye Viber. Enjoy video and voice calling. only droback. Online lists are not seen. And read message confirmation is not seenm
Really good apps
 UI     
Good
_ 
I Love it _
Please fix it. Slow then version
 
Not bad!
 
 
Awesome! The best flexibility and choice!!.
 
Very bad needs update
 !
Bad
 
My camera won't flip no matter how much I push the flip camera icon. Phone keeps hanging up on video calls..none of the video chats work well with this phone..stay with i-phone where most apps are crutal clear.
Amazing piece if software!! All my Chinese friends use it _ 
Cool _ 
it sucks
No notification in the app's latest update in 8.1 cyan
     
Awesome app, but please fix the bug on "shake". (always the same Chinese person)..
so ugly
No location service. It sucks
Not bad
 
It's a very nice app, can chat with lots of friends_
All gud but add zimbabwe
If any one wants video sex add me my id is gatsby45!! ;) girls only
 
Need update
Excellent, I like  the  design
No broadcast messaging 
 
Great social tool
Precisa melhorar algumas coisas.
ok
The latest update works very well so far, excellent work, we chat team _ 
Woot
New update thankfully uses a lot less battery. Overall a great app for being able to stay in touch with my gf who is studying overseas and the stickers are great
Muy bueno
Goofy but useful 
Thanks 
Bad
     
_ WeChat.I faced some bugs with your app please check the.1st _ I can not change the green background of the text or I change the background of Chat..2nd _ notifications not working without any reasons ..And please .Make a desktop or Windows 8 RT app to be able to run it on my tablet and PC like Viber and Line ..Thank you
 
Wp7 
I like everything about it, just one thing, can you put action center integration and banner notifications for new messages because I tend to Midas put on new messages and whenever I open it again I missed hours on our conversation because I didn't get a notification that he/she replied. Other than that works great
Need an update asap.. It is too laggy.. Features are good.. But wat is the use if I hav to wait every time I give a command.. _
 
Hard to use on my windows phone 
 
my walkie talkie is not functioning _ 
Love to meet new people 
How to send broadcast messages......?
Greatest app ever
 
Still have space to be better
My phone is equipped with a 4G LTE network , 1 GB RAM or so and not to mention the quadcore processor . Just why the hell did it felt like forever just to open my friends' messages ? _  c'mon developer , do your work already _ 
Stable in WP8.1 thx
 
Ready too much 
 
Best chat and free internet call app so far. Lumia 820 WP 8.0.
Great app but my phone gets way too hot and causes my battery to drain
_
 
 
Romantic
Great
Im 
 
Wechat Best App For Chat _ 
 
Otimo!
 
 
it's nice apps
Why is there no video support like ios and android? 
Excelente ... Entretanto falta divulgar mais o app para que mais pessoas usem
Love it. Do not like talking on the phone til now
6.0plz 
  Deeply disappointed!
  brilliant after update 
good app
 
 
 
     
New update is okk but when others video calling comes it doesnt ring
good
 
The new version sucks because I can't go back very far in my chat history.  The old one I could go back and see what I wrote months ago.
We don't want you guy's to promote other application such as paytm, jabong & foodpanda. I have accumulated 140 but can only redeem 50 that too even after using my dad debit card. What will a person will do it they don't have bank account? Previously I was very happy because I was in the position to recharge my sister mobile but not ... Oohhh God! Please remove all this     . 
Bugs in shake....china people bug in my mobile...
Excellent 
Keep resuming when I go back from other apps. Even I let it run under lock screen and when I unlock the screen I have to tab and hold the back button to close it and reopen it   to get it back on track. I'm using 920T with 8.1 preview update for dev. And I can't delete my account...Update: Group chat is saved and when I try to delete the thread from message screen it keeps warning me the group is not saved. Really annoying...Update: What the hell about the User Interface design? How about more "WindowsPhony"? It's all about the UI ok? Don't make it look like iOS and Android. 
 
 
   
 
Really really perfect!!!
Cant find phone contacts who use Wechat! Official 8.1
Please update
very good
 
     ... 
Cool ! I love this app <3 ID: Apenas1_
Good
 
Consuming more battery, please update.. Other than it everything is fine... Thanx
    
Error login 
Nice
Nice app! The new update gives it a good look.
 No notification and while using this app phone getting is very heat... Drains lot of battery please fix these bugs......
 
It is very laggy and it moves very slow on my phone... And the baterry is getting low very fast... Please fix this... Update please
Great app but compared to other platforms lacks few features... Like on windows phones no option to send videos or add videos to favorites... Please add that. And no translate option available in the chat box...hope to see these features in next releases... Good Luck guys. !!! _ 
        
 
Reduce startup time and add pre recorded video share _ 
 iOS UI 
Could be better. 
5 stars if you fix the lag!
     
 
Cant share video file on Wechat 4.5 anymore. Very unhappy.
Why isn't the          app starting? It starts u see the wallpaper and it          closes itself again FIXX IT I CANT TAKE THE RISK OF REINSTALLING IT _ 
.It was all good but now it keeps crashing,fix please
Great, only wish there was a way to permanently backup our messages
Really sucks
 
Needs to record more than 30 seconds of voice..
 638 
Where is the new update.. 6.0
Super!
Best
Complete package. Better than others.
Works great....  _  
 
Very good
        
   
   
 
 
Good 
Cant make or receive video call.always error.plz help to solve this
Muy buena
The font is too big when you review the moment 
nice app... .but slow messengering
It's good
Love the new update and UI 
The app just keeps restarting. I'm using a blu win HD phone on wifi.
Great free application for video calling.!.But Unable to upload or share video. And audio recording quality is very poor. Besides, great application.
Please do not send me news that we do not want to see. Give us some human rights.
Need Last seen status like WhatsApp..!!
 
 
Good 
 
 
 
Nice app
 
Nice
Great app!
 
crash on my 820 after password reset
 
Great app
Awesmest app
 
 1. 2. 3. ui 4. 5. 
Good....but,should speed up.
 
 bad
No option  to share videos 
 
Please improve by introducing message read feature. Then this app will be perfect!
Awesome! Always use it to talk to my clan from Magic Realms! Would recommend!!!
Provided language translator 
Hyyy please remove paytm from Wechat...directly redeam was better then paytm
 
Too many werdios asking for sex calls 
You can't cancel your account. 
Cool app
 
ANYTIME you shake the phone it shows the same person,what's the reason???????
5.4 
Excellent
 
Perfect and accurate. Bravo.._ 
Update please
Nice
Nice app
Awesome social networking app..with cool animated stickers..a must download app..with free recharge offers..
8.1 
Sic app
Very good
 
Can't even log in with QQ ID.....FIX IT
Yuhuuu
Please return to the past method of rolling back for the chat history
Im
 
Nice & neat new UI but Voice and video call problem. Its does not come out when someone calling me. After 5-10 minute its suddenly came out but Network error.  There is no notifications too! Im using lumia 1520. 
 
So great,thanks
Very good _ 
Great App
 a
Muy buena
 
Awesome app. If you like Chinese girls this is the place to be_
_ 
It gets better
 sd 
 
 
 6 0 Qq 
uma bost  esse novo design deixando o "metro" de lado. 
Late push notification and can't pick up voice call if I didn't launch the app at background 
 ios 
Add last seen and online option and add the feature of msg send by enter on off option please please
Great app
Who designed this ugly ui for Windows phone? No translation. And it's really ugly ui. You guys should remember it's windows phone. Change it
Awsme blosom but need some more improvmnt.
Great _ 
Features not up to date compare to ios or android 
Newest update makes it impossible to go back through messaging history. Before, you could scroll through which page you wanted, now you can only scroll back little by little 3-4 messages at a time.
I dont know why bt i cant call or video call ANYONE..shitty app
One of the best messaging apps I've used!
Muito bom
It simply has too many bugs. People Nearby function doesn't prove to be functional and Shake shows the same 7 people , in China, that are 4 miles away.. I'm in Mississippi. I think this has tremendous potential but not worth downloading just yet, especially if you'd rather chat with random or new people instead of your personal contacts. 
 Lumia 735/730 
 
 ui ios wp modern 
Beautiful, simple and fast.
 
 haom ??
5.4.1 
  
Plz add message deliveri report like whatsapp & viber.
 
Top
Really cool!
Muito bom
 
New updates make it a better one
 
Melhor app chat da atualidade e mais completo vale muito a pena baixar.
WP 5 
I don't get push notification when I get messages... Fix it and I'll be perfect....
nice and fast chat
I can't sign up, no verification code
Version 5.4 is awesome. Good job developers _. But i think there's a bug that need to be fixed. The video call integration somehow doesn't work properly when the app is running in the background
After this new interface i give 5 star.. But i hope next time it has video features on moments
 
No video sharing. But android and ios have
 
 
My wechat id is kimberlyj2038
Super sir, but still translator is missing!!  Notification also have problem. So please check that.. 
Can't recover contracts.
Love it generally.  However half of the time I don't get the push notification.  5 stars otherwise.  Need to open app and check once in a while or will miss messages half the time.  Using Lumia 1520 on ATT.
 
 
Great _ 
 
Needs better push notifications badly, everything else is good
_ 
Good app. Missing the feature to post status on moments. Can only post pictures atm
 
slow, always stucked
Amazing 
Everything looks good except backup and restore, which is a disaster (slow, lose message)
Thanks for new update.Please add sounds controller 
 
 
Very nice app
love new UI, its simple view!.then i found bug,.the conversation list error when sorting chat history, ..message appears like this "MicroMsg.Storage.Conversation", new incoming chat can't auto move on top. please fix :)..update to v.5.4.1.what is the changelog still same like before update..chat history can't sort properly in conversation list. newest incoming message didn't show on top..that is not happen before ui changes and just work fine :(
 
The 5.4v is awesome. However, it would be better if its optimized for 6-inch phones or phablets as well. Will give 5 stars until then. .---.Please look at the UI of Kakaotalk on phablets like 1520. Thats how wechat should be!
We are not able to open freinds momentsits crashing
wp android 
 !  !
Great app works better on windows phone than android phone
Proprietary   .  Not worth your time.  Not a TRUE Text to Phone program...
The new icon/tile is two little ghosts. Functions are good as ever. Thought I don't see significant changes. ..Update: The latest update looks too much like an Android app. Very confusing to navigate. Ugly!
It is everything useful.
 
 
 
After update , every open people nearby often force closed
Crash crash crash..hate this
Nice......
The apps very lacking after update. Very slow _ response........
Amazing app
 5.4 
Crash after update 
plzz update fast for windows phone...
     
Add me id: wafeay
 !
 
Worst upgrade. Have to uninstall and reinstall. Lost all history..
Very nice _ 
Cannot upload videos with windows phone 
The new update to UI is amazing keep it comming we chat.
_!!!_
Welldone
Melhorou muito, essa nova layout t  impec vel, parab ns a tecent.
Good but still not quite as good as ios version. Still cannot send videos from camera rolls.
Nice app
Pls add some themes ~
  ui   
 
5.4 
5.4.0.0 " " " " 
 ui 
Much better than previous version
 wp   
       GOOD APP
 
 
Can't post status, pls let wp7.8 update!
 
Love it.
Much improved in the latest update.
 
 
FODAAAA MELHOR QUE WHATSAPPP CHAME SEUS CONHECIDOS E CONHECIDOS DE CONHECIDOS
Now I can get notifications but I can't send or receive any pictures 
_ _ _ 
 
I really don't know why I got this on my phone! Failure _ 
Nice Application
    everytime it crashes .....whenever m opening the app  .... Try to work on this for 512mb users
This is a great app. I switched over from talkbox...and I'm never going back. I also tried WhatsApp and a few others...WeChat wins, no contest.
 
Very good!
 
Please update it to 6.x to support video.
 
      
Good job
Seriously love the new redesign!
 wp 
 Lumia 920  
Android and iphone is now able to capture and sharing video on weechat...  WP always lagging behind... So sad
 
 wp7 
Muito superior ao wpp, s  precisa de melhorias como saber que a mensagem foi entregue e verificar se o contato ta online.
Finally the network proxy worked and i was able to sign in. Thanks
Awful UI
 
_ 
 
Pretty cool app but wechat did not put in the tap translation on messages feature on W8 version.
 
The button layout of Version5.4 is not convenient at all. The fingers have to move up and down vs previous versions all buttons were located at bottom.
Very good
 oled wp iphone wp 
Nice update but still cannot upload video..and other utilities like android and IOS.
At last, 
Still lagging behind on supporting some of the graphics.
 
Impressive update;) the user interface now more modern_  Pls update quickly and add this feature:.-ability to send video.-add games (pencil pilot)
   wp 
Please narrow down the tool bar on the top.. 
 
Cool UI in new updated version 
 
Very very niceee
 
 
wp8.1 
 .. qq 
 
finally update
still no video post feature on Windows phone.
Please add "Palestine" to the countries list, it's my country. Thanks _  everything else is very good 
Love the new UI!!! 
Bom, melhorou bastante sem a baboseira de exigir email. A simplicidade e facilidade que fez do WhatsApp sucesso aqui no Brasil. N o sei de outros pa ses...
 winphone 
Updated on December 1, 2014 is alot better and faster. Good job _. Thanks!
wow ! this so awesome _ 
This is awesome _  !!!
 metro   
_
You deserved a 5 devs. This awesome UI, things become a lot smoother and less crash. I can say you're doing a job well done. Thank you _ 
ini baru tampilan windowsphone g kayak andoid yang membosankan.
 
12 1 
 
   
Gostei muito dele .Mas tipo coloquem uma funcionalidade para que a tela vire enquanto eu estiver digitando 
 5 
 
I don't like the latest update!!!  It doesn't work as good as the previous version!!!!!
 UI   ... ... ...
Would be 5 stars if on my lumia 900 I had the video option and was able to download stickers!
Excellent 
Melhor q o Whatsapp... Flu_ncia... Perfeito, recomendo..._ 
Awsome app ....... But change its UI......plz
I love it. Its awesome in new interface.
New version is colourful 
           
I can't get in my account to delete it!
New version looks awesome and works great.
Great, but we need more features
Super awesome new UI..Nice app to singles ;). #foreverAloneWECHAT
Show! Muito bom!
very light application once . look simple . but the only one that has not been reached yet can Supor Indonesian whereas WeChat users in Indonesia very much . depelovers hopefully soon added Indonesian
the looks is well but i cant read my old texts i mean i have to scroll up like so many times, and i hope that you can bring the slide things to see the old texts like the bfr update i mean before this new update comes out, and i hope you read my rate lol 
The new design definitely brought a new breath into the previously cluttered interface! Kudos for improving the general look of the app, now the chat page could use a bit more though; maybe reduce the font size of the names of people in the group chat? Otherwise lovely looking app right here _ 
Works great. Fantastic 5.x update...I'd like to see messages delivered as they come and not after I open the app though. 
 
 
  UI 
 ui
Does not allow switching from normal phone call to voice call by we chat. Only Skype can do this but we chat must catch up.
Seem faster
Awesome _... Waiting for the next update. Hope it would include more color option for the entire app ! 
 
 Lumia 830 
 
Nice update..
 5.4 Android, iOS 
 
 
 
5.4 ui  = =
Uso a onze meses. Amo
Why the moment font size to big!?
Can't upload photos this time...tencent please upgrade this.
A really great app to use
Why my wechat gone?? But installed aready!
 ~
 
5.4 
no notification
new interface !! Nice one _ _
Finally a good update 
 
UI 
Very good _ 
 UI wp bug 
 great. Its so nice ui... New update so awsome
Thank you for the update . Keep moving
1 star for the IOS 7 UI
 >_>
Good
          Unique client                       Wechat        .
Becoming better...
 1520 
 
What about fake Chinese name ???
 ui
Nice features..
Very good and nice update
 
 
Why does wechat on window phones doesn't have sight in it unlike on android?
 
:D
 
Great improvements 
Great looks & interfaces for the new update...loads faster than the previous version.
 
nice
 UI WP 
Awesome _ 
 
Good job guys. beautiful update
The UI color adjusted strange. Color is not beautiful. 
Come on!!!
 
Nice. Fresh UI. 5 STARS FOR NOW. 8.1 Notifications please.
Nice 5.4 update! I love it. keep updating this app. we need "Sight" features.
More better 
 
finally new version
 
 
 
Very good _ 
We want SIGHT feature... Please
 
Awesome
Very good for communication between friends 
could be better
Pretty good but needs to be updated. Can't keep up with my friends with newer versions
 
Wp7 
 
 
Cool
Good app thank you_ 
 wp 
WP ?
very go
Bad!
Pleas add group category like avacs ..and    people searcher by nick or number 
You can't scan!
Please update wechat.
Lazy developer not even near un feature as ios and android version
Best app ever
_
Can't links share to moments; 
 
No one ever responds and when we shake, we get people from China within 3-10kms... How come???
It have problem in Lumia phone, some notification work 
Not getting any notifications. I need to open the app to see if I have any new messages. The app doesn't show up in the notifications+actions center. Everything else works fine
 
Goog
Me gusta mucho este app, pero ya no _ me llega los nuevos av_os de mi #1 amigo! Hagan algo acerca de esto si!.. Gracias y que la pases muy bien y un lindo d_a!.
Best App
Great video and audio quality 
Excellent Love it 
We need an update. This version really outdated and lack of features unlike the Android and IOS version. 
Great
Nice to use. Continue developing..
WP   
 
I love it
Ami._ 
 
 
 
 
It is loading very slow in Lumia 530. 
 
Its a nice experience.. And is app with all faculties... I really like it ..and the rewards are really appreciable..... I suggest to dwld the app it is worth .and change experience....
Great app... But missing translator feature on WP8 version
Doesn't support Cortana!
Message sometimes are out of sequences.  Histories are short. Not as good as Android version.
Muito legal..
QQ 
 
Excellent 
 
 
Soooooo slowwwwww, it crashes all the time too. Worst app ever, uninstalling. Please fix it, I'm using QQ instead. 
 
For whatever the reason, view history does not work reliably now. I have get out and in every other time to make it work on my windows phone 8.1.
Love it. But the features don't match with Android app. Please keep it updated
Awesome
Couldn't delete the message in conversation and couldn't send out docs.
 
 
Update please notification no working well.....
Great application.
 
Excellent for video call
_
Mejor que Whatsapp. Eso dice todo.
 
Great way to stay in touch with friends 
 
 
it's broken when I open it...
Me
 
Awesome app 
Hie
    
Cilegon
 WP 8 
sight for 8.1
 
Stopped working. Needs update for Windows 8.1
good needs improve
fun it can be improve
 
Can be better
Crashes a lot
Excellent app
<3
 
Wonderful apps
 
Why the heck am I finding only Chinese people? That too within 7km. S cks
Horrible 
No push notification. And it's so ugly.
Love it!
One of d bst app
Cant even log in. Ask for updating the apps but its already updated still cant log in
This app not show in my app list... Please dev fix this 
Good but I can't deleted my account 
Fantastic
Please update this app...it is a great app but really need updates
Allows many stickers and emojis for chat. Can change chat backgrounds, either your own or several defaults. Allows you to stop notifications and such. Can send pictures and more. Great app. 
 
Plzzzz improve wechats engine for smooth performance its giving late notifications in Lumia 525
good
 
work fast ..
 
Love it's recharge options...
Nice apps
Why can't i share videos like in  other apps.Dev at least learn from them and give us an update_ 
Nice app
 
Cant't see my group after accepting group invitation. Please help
I wonder, .How to make a moment without Photo.:/.
 
 
Like 
This sucks can't find anyone who speaks English 
because its give me recharge money for free always. yaahuuu :D
 
I am in USA but the shake option gives all folks from China and says they're in a 7  mile radius.
Please a solution for resolve filtering in iran
 
 wp 
Please update to same version as android. Thanks.
No updated and can't delete block list
 
Favorite 
 
Cool concept but way to much weirdoes on here
 
 window 
Doesn't allow to connect QQ account once linked to other  wechat account. And user can't recover the old account since he didn't remember the password and wechat account linked with number no longer in use...... bad bad bad...
We want Sight!
 
It amazing... And it has new attributes 
 400 0 bug qq 
Nice app 
Poor app...
 
           
Filter for Iranian people _ 
It's filtered in Iran.
Its superb
 
        
Please update .for windows 7.5.Please please please 
So precisa mostrar q foi visualizada a mensagem e o momento q se est  digitando.
You are cheaters.
couldn't sign up. i never received the verification code
Me like
                   
Windows phone 7 does not have enough update with smileys
Nice app bt hav to improve d searching of people cant able shakke all d time
 
Best for those who deserves best
 
 !
Photos uploaded to moment is too much compressed. The photo quality is so bad
Wonderful software 
How to delete my account? It is kinda hard 
Plz do something for ur users in IRAN.Government blocked ur servers.Plzzzzzzzz
 _  give us back those falling objects. You're making this app boring. 
Its good for windows phone reasanably working_
Good
good
 
 timo para v deo chamada
WeChat.Good to use .Thanks you 
Iran gov filter wechat
 
It's great but needs to be more advertised lacking diversity within the states.
Great app..only concern is that I can not sent photos  I have wechat installed but tells me I don't 
Good services and thnks to we teams....sounds good
 
Like it
Why I can't open the program since I update? Now I have to uninstall it and loss all information plus all my contacts. Why I update? Because we chat tells me so, otherwise I cannot see the sight that my friend sent me..Please help!
Great app
 :(
Good for Android but worst for Windows phone.Pls develop it ...
No way to unlink my original mobile.
Superb app .free recharge is excellent.
 
Nice...but like android we are expecting to get recharges....._ 
 6.0 
 
Good 
good
Wechat is to slow plz upgrade to fast wechat like WhatsApp.Add a features like Last Seen, Online and offline.. 
Good one _ 
 
 
 ios 
UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE !!!!!!!!!!!
The calling quality and calling user interface is much disappointed in new update. Previous calling feature was much better. Please fix it. When we make a even voice call its open the camera also but I just wanna to make only voice call.
 
 
I'm still exploring but its cool.
Good. But sometimes not able to connect, while other apps can.
Loool filtering again....Bye wechat...
Its work perfectly on my lumia1520 with window 8.1
How to recharge though wechat. As in android?
Nice for sharing nudes.
Really awesome, better than kik.Just fix the audio and video chat pls
We can not use in iran without vpn , do something please.
need to upgrade, it doesn't fit the big screen win phones
We cat
Please up to date just like the android version. I getting jealous with them. Please, please, PLEASE update faster just like android version. Tqvm.
 
Fantastic 
   
                                  fbf1.tk  . . .              pre shared key  : 
Crash... Please update 
.......
Please update this versian.
Perfect
Didn't work after sms confirmation
        
Awesome.
Pretty handy. Easy to use. Still waiting for the update though 
Update it plz. No notifications for 8.1 and no more working in Iran. Plz update it. Tnx
Great
Best messenger i ever seen! I love it_ 
Very nice app love to use it
Pls add translator 
Nice app ...
Good
Good app
It sucks. Does not notify if some sends message until and unless you open it. NOT GOOD AT ALL !!!
Good app
 
Nice app, .1- my phone is big (1520), and I can't shake my phone well, I want to double tap to shake and find new friends.2- I want to find friends in another city or another country (like beetalk).3- please make this for full HD screens
grt
very nice & good job _ 
 
This app takes more than 130 Mb and I haven't used it even once. 
Good
                 .
 
Ha ha
Change user interface its boaring 
block list cannot work
Good job 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
Excellent 
Unable to update 
Coole sache
 WP  Lumia 
No update,   
Lumia 710 two years, the wechat on my phone can't follow official account, and lack many functions compared to that on Android and Iphone. 
Nice app.but need improvement 
 
You should add a translation function. It would help so much.  
Wp8.1 wechat update too slow. Cannot multiple login! I have iPad but it is troublesome for me to switch between two devices. Cannot backup emoticons is very trouble, hope to have this feature in future
Recomendada por una amiga.
 
 920 
 
Like...
Ch I'd
Bagus, keren _ _
Nice
Wechat is a great app but is not safe for decent chat .. Bad profile and abuse photos are allows to be sent and that's the main disadvantage here
I will give it 5star if you put video sharing 
Good
Customer support never got back to me
Add me: iamarby
_ good app
Need to attach video.
what's with Chinese???
 
Crashes..fix the issue on WP8.1 Lumia Denim
Awesome app nice best app.ever.
no sticker shop for wp:-(
 
 
best program for chat 
It has completely refused to verify me. I can't sign up
Good
Why no translate feature for windows phone users
 
 
Better than WhatsApp.
awsome
Ffff
 
 
Network proxy don't work after update :|
 
Fine
Good 
 ios 
Great app!
Great application
Suck
Where is the Arabic language 
 ios Android  
Great !!!
 ui 
Pretty heavy UI. Don't use it often.
It was all good until last update. Now it drains my battery like crazy :( I have to disable its running in background, then I cannot get messages unless I start the app :(
 install WP8 
 
Great
Hey this apo is giving talktime to android user and os user but not giving anything to windows phone user...this is not fair to us...So we chat team should think about this... 
Very convenient I like it 
 qq
 
Song
 
I love   it.,.better than all social sites...for me...
 
 bug 16 0 2 bug . . .
This app dispersed from my installed list and when I open the store the tell me this app already installed on ur phone !!! What's all that about ??? And I can't uninstall it cuz I can't see it in my app 
Please improve user interface... Needs improvement.... 
Better than Skype, does what it says.  Have friend who has an Iphone (blech) this app works on iPhone my guess android too, good cross platform app to have facetime with friends and loved ones.  Type birthday and kewl effects, would like to see more like with the word fireworks, new years, and such.
Like the coler
Its good..
There is only Chinese and       Indian men
It seems to be ok .not test all
 
 
Good app I like
Can't find how to add a friend by mobile phone.  It doesn't give me all the contact
It gets. the job  done  It serves  the purpose  I need  it for.Thank u _.
It does not work
 
Bad spy!
This thing has way too many strangers
 bug 8.1 wp 
Ui wp 
 bug 
Good but lacks da facility to see who online . msg or photo delivered or not.if dis fix i would giv 5 star
need update
 .
Where the f  k is video
Great app!
I hope there's a received and seen feature for the messages and showing if user is online.
Very bad useless I don't know, why it's find Chinese 
 
Neat
123123123
Should have known not to update cuz battery _ fast finish and updates comes up slow _ 
It is a very good app previously and i would rate 5 instead of three, but ever since the 8.1 update, it seems that there's no notifications at all for this app which is push notifications and tile counter. I'll look forward on seeing this app fully functional on 8.1 platform. _ 
^.^
So lame limited shake too many Arab 
Wow
Excellent  app , beautiful layout!! 5 STAR     
 
Ocupa mucho espacio
Dont work
 
Good 
Really great app.
It's alright 
 
Great
 
 
Retard can used this hopeless app. Don't wanna used some slang words but it really get into my nerves. Try to eliminate bugs and fixed it properly. 
The best way to chat....
Thumbs up
Update please
China made, careful take!
Its Great. Thank you. Update please.
Amazing app.
Exelente servicio muy bueno
 
 
 
Horrible horrible         . Can't even delete account. Location is U.S but kept showing ppl in China under 5 miles away.    ?
   
More of chat room     ....looking for a real texting application not one that others have to download just to text me.
I like it cool
 BUG 
Very nice and useful.... Hope they add the tools that the ios version have .
100 Times better than kik
U are the best _ 
 
Notifications don't trigger until I open the app.
 
My fnr offer2 balance is not redeemed yet. Its 120 rupees. They are cheaters. Don't download 
Nice
 IOS Android 
pls fix the bugs and always shows contact not on my phone
tencent games i need it 
I love it _ 
Good
 bugs . 
Invite Message.------------------..Hey! Let's WeChat! It's got FREE text and voice messages, high quality voice/video calls,  funny animated stickers and much more. Download it now by clicking here http://wecht.in/7pt2f
 
Lists me in the wrong location and there is no way to fix it. Not able to find anyone I know locally.
Needs an immediate update, Shows only Chinese people in shake option too sad and bad
 
tmd 
full star if have games
Nice..
 
Update plz? The version is too old , what Tencent designers are thinking about
good
nice! but badly needs a redesign.
Wish it linked my twit contacts
 1 
Too slow to start 
Worst app ever, Beware,DO NOT INSTALL,once you create an account you can't delete it yourself, and everyone who knows your number can add you, they get a msg saying you have a wechat acct without your permission, what an         function.
It would be better if i can share videos with friends
 
Still cannot share music via Baidu music or qq music apps. Etc...
Stupid app. There is no simple way to delete account, what in my opinion is         . 
wp ..
Starting time takes too long. It needs an update for WP 8.1!
I'm using window 7.5, and I can't login. Need to update to higher version. But there's no available update. Please fix it..
Nice good app
Just 
I am not giving all star coz there is some bug into the shake and search the friends option.. I have Nokia Lumia 520 and having problem in shaking feature. Please solve it.
Favorite one
Plz update. Provide facilities like in Android.
Experience and knowledge management 
Best
Good app
Best app to meet new friends.....,, I'll give it give stars of it have a offline and online feature other than great app works good on 2G....!!
Vbb
 
Can't send voice message!
Nice app
Why cannot save records online!!! 
Man, best chat app, ever!!!!add me _
Few times need to exit..And my order to fix it _ 
cannot download the image sent by my friends!!
 xx 
It really sucks men. Am trying to sign up but as many as I try it keeps saying the code has expired. I need help right away
 
Need big update
 Line 
Need something to know if the messages  has been seen
Customer support is horrible.  Just hope you don't need and support..... No response despite multiple requests.
     this app.. my wechat was lost and i can't uninstall it..
Cool app
Good
Walauweyh!
 
Good
 
 
_ 
It crashes.......please fix it.....
 
Excellent appp....
 
aqim
I think it really sucks there only seems to be men on here and I am not gay and is too much of a pain in the     to use 
Muito limitado.
Fffhhf=P:-P:-):-P:-]<3<3:-S:-S
The last version on my windows phone but no game center, why?
         wechat
Great
No video sharing option....fckng app......update dis...
Still top class WORST app....I don't see that my friend has seen my text or not??...bogus app ever on windows phone.
Greatest social networking app!
This is a nice app.
Log out  very hangs 
Having trouble modifying setting on a large group(400 members). Couldn't turn the notification off as with other groups. Could someone fix this asap please?
Need a huge update.....There're so many problems.....
It don't work
Working well so far, shake mode is not working and can't see where I am. 
After last update we can't connect via proxy by entering a proxy address in - setting - general - network proxy - please resolve the problem for users in countries which your app is blocked - thx
cant log in.idiotic app.wp sucks......
Amazing 
 
 
It should be available for Windows 8
Just so so
Does what it supposed to do 
Please improve the resend feature. Please make it fast and easy. 
 QQ 
Support team not exist!
Cool
Nice
 wifi 
 
Hey man, this thing is really good! Best chat app on Windows to me(:
Pliss update the  online   offline  of the friends. 
I like many feature but it is bad for load the new message
Awesome!!!!
Doesn't work at all. Fix it please!!!!!
 
Its a better way to communicate with others! I love it! ~Ana/Emo Sunshine~
UI 
Better than Symbian!!!
 15010769279
 
I think there is a lot of room for improvement for this app. Well, it is very obvious that the opening speed of the interface of this app is outmatched by apps in the same catalogue, thought this problem exist in every platform, but it is especially apparently slow on wp compared to the others. I sincerely hope the developing team can make improvement in this area, such as implementing fast-resume/ strip away unneeded features like Moments(or make it into seperated apps as when compared to another app that the company make(tencent qq), it is outperformed. Thank you.
 
Keeps on crashing 
 . qq . 
Horrible app!! Doesn't let me open pictures, download emoticons, or do video calling
Good amp _  
 
Happy ..
 
Aplicativo muito bom mais podia ser melhor dificilmente se encontra brasileir@s :c mais ta valendo pra quem n tem contatos salva meu numero na agenda q aparece pra adc aee  55-11-97576-0884 bom chat a todos :3
Kinda sucks.. I cant upload created stickers on wechat.. Arghh
 
I love it _ 
Like it!  :-).  A lot like playing phone tag!
The best app
 
Constant sticker messages are so annoying i'm thinking of uninstalling this app
 
notification lost after updates. . . .
First i can hear the voice in other line during video call but she cant hear me.im using nokia lumia1320 WP8 and other is ANDROID.please fix this problem. And after update to WP8.1 no more notification and tone whenever i rcv new msg.....microsoft IT please this problem...immediately it can better.
....
Have some with my Nokia Lumia 1520 after updating to 8.1.. Please fix this and I will give 5 star.
 !!!!!
Es muy interesante
Keep.
Does not have Palestine country code +970 
Agora eles conseguiram melhorar o problema das notifica es..ta ficando melhor ..
     
 .
Nice app ... Plz update ... And make online green light
Owesum
wechat Wp edition has more space to be improved 
Good     
Needs a login or lock feature
Nice
Your app is Great but since the last update it's not working properly for calls
So cool
 . 404 
Tp knp sekarang aplikasi ini hilang dri SD card q,tp d bursa keterangnx teroasang.
It's good.but no notification  push.hope it can change 
bug 
This app has been blocked for Iranian users   please fix this problem
 
 
 !
Good 
Not working in lumia 900 thats why
Versatile
     tencent
 
   
Best app on Windows phone for video call
Very great app_...but please add option of sending videos also.. 
Superzozoom :ID
Please update the app for windows phone the live chat isn't available yet
 
 
_ 
I love   we chat 
 
Not bad
great.
Heavy loading. No enough profile data . No filters to help in selecting  friends 
The best chat tool in WP,but a little worse than the app in android
                            .                     
Review .
Great app
Good 
Melhor aplicativo
Too confusing to set up
Cool app
_ 
Lacks major features of the other versions. Very disappointed. Also does not work well with WP8.1. Crashes and hangs. ..Desperately needs a new version to add all features and 8.1 compatibility. ..Recent update just made it worse. Links don't work. App is almost useless now.  Horrible. 
This is a wonderful app 
 , needed too much space for this app.....must improve
We need Arabic Language _ 
Awesome I loved it _ 
 
Hey push notification is not working after update..._ 
 
need more features
Nice
Awesome
I'm not recieving my verification number.
best app till date
 timo excelente 
 
Good
Good app for keeping in touch with friends 
         
Fast and privacy option is well added
I'm a native Chinese speaker. sid1986
 
 
 
 
 
Less features in Window version .
5 stars communicator. The best one.
Please update your app for window phone 8.1 its crashing in loading screen
Solo aparecen personas con 16 mil km de distancia, si integraran un traductor siquiera .
Nice
 
Wp 
Extremely underdeveloped for an app trying to take on WhatsApp or Hike. You need to revamp the UI, include better support for attachments & better notifications. An upgrade asap.
Not properly working after 8.1 in 525   its irritating me._ 
 
Nearby people are NOWHERE nearby... And location is turned on.. 
Doesn't work in WP. No response from customers service.
Good app but HORRIBLE when it comes to signing in. If you ever forget your password, just accept that your acc is gone forever bc they are no help when you try to get it back or reset it
 
 
The size of application is too large. It killed the rom in my note2. Hope it to improve :-(
 
_
1   2  
 
 
Awfull
Bad
 
 
_
 
My Nokia Lumia 920 
I can't upload any video or audio song...try to make it better for Windows phone
Not working in Iran.it's filter
Please build game in window phone like android...
 Black+8.1DP 8.0 Cyan . " + " 1 " " . 1520 ... 
Lovinit
Doesn't even let me login. Refuses to acknowledge my ID.
 ! !
Not good 
 
 
Brilliant i love it perfectly organised
This app is ignorant, it doesn't sync phone contacts just google contacts and it also will not allow you to message anyone who isn't in your contacts. 100% wasted time
 
i will give 5 star if you allow me to save pictures on windows phone 8.1 update 1
Cool 
Great but... Why is there so many Chinese?
I never got passed the create a profile page......just pathetic!!! Don't waste your time.
 
Can't linked QQ, can't post messages.
Pelo menos para windows Phone 8 esta aplica es para comunica es diria mesmo ser ideal se n o mesmo perfeita. Utilizo ha j  algum tempo e ainda n o me deu quaisquer problemas. O que mais gosto sao a quantidade de 'features' que eles tem! E todas bastante uteis ;)
UI  
Lixo de APP. S  tem chineses e n o d  pra excluir a contra antes de desinstalar.
 
Please update
Very good 
 
Great app
After updating windows phone 8.1  today, many apps has stopped working including this app.
Push notifications not working! Fix it!
Good product to meet people around you
good.dont update for lumia 800.version is 3.4.6.0.Please update for winphon7.8.please change port server.please update for windosphone 7.8
Push ntfctn not wrkng on 8.1..
 
 
ios8   wp8.1 .     
Nothings gonna be in here 
This app needs some updates to stay on par with its Android and iOS counterparts.
Cool
Consuming a lot of battery power. Must fix it.
Disconnected so often..even i had hsdpa signal and full wifi bar with high speed internet access.esoecially in the night(GMT+7).Lumia cyan 925
 
 
Terrible no profile options nothing its child like programming at its best you would figure they wanted to compete in IT market they make basic option available all the time 
_ 
Im giving it a 5 star rating because I love it...
 8.1 
 TX 
 
 
     is retarded there a bunch of asians and dudes and not a single girl in this thing
 
 
 
:(
Still not good enough. Having some subtle bugs that make users feel this app doesn't work smoothly.
 
Excelente
I can't register to we chat,please help me
 
:):):)
It is good to me for the message sent
Best thing since sliced bread.
nice apps for communication 
App ducks
 
 
I dont know if the 'people nearby' feat really works. Ive sent like hundreds of 'hi' messages and i havent gotten any messages back. I even tried sending them to the 'ugly' ones..and no bueno. Anyone can confirm this?
 
Lagging to much and no status bar
Best messenger ever. It's also a social network developed for mobile devices. It's good to see that the Wechat team gives WP good support and attention unlike Line..
Worst app of all time, it works too slow and never update! Suck!
 wechat. I love wechat. 
Sao wechat tr n BB v  tr n WP l i kh ng c  ng n ng  ti ng vi t nh  tr n ios v y ad, hy v ng s m c  b n ti ng vi t. V  c  th m ch c n ng hi n nh ng ng  ang onl hay off 
 
Very nice app!
Add "share live location" feature
Great
Hakediyor 
Fun and private.
App is good bt not able 2 redeem balance _ 
Worst app
Great app
A bug that tecent won't fix for over a month! 
The app works fine, but there should really be an "account deletion" option. 
I don't have it on my start list..I can't open it..It goes updating everyday in the app store but I get some error everyday..The only option I have here is "upgrade".I delete it from downloads but it comes back next day..I have no idea how to get rid of it !
Voice call is not working 
Good 
   
Awesome aap
I sucks on exit time... Plz fix this bug _... Next time sure 5 star _ 
Wechat is the best social app.
V5.1    
Good
 !
Its pretty ok in windows phone 
This apps is very good and excellent service 
Wonderful 
 
Quite an good app... BUT why is that such a bad sound quality?? Fix this
wp 
Love it!!
 7 8 
Great app for instant messaging.
Great app
 ..
bee talk please .                 
I have given it 5 stars. But please fix the notification.
Nice app. Run _ better than Android 
Should improve a lot... Is very tough to know who and all r online or not...  Don't understand whether the msg sent is delivered and is read or not...
    ... Making trouble plz fix it 
Ya en todos las aplicaciones de mensajer a se puede enviar videos menos en wechat
 
So far this app is awesome!!
Jd lbh baik,
Molto meglio di watsapp!
So far so good. But always disconnected. Please fix it
Is good
No notifications on Windows 8.1 Nokia Lumia 925. Never know when someone has messaged me.
Too many             offering services. 
Need option to share Status to moments
 
Love to use this connect with friends. 
Awesome 
 
 Line APP 
 windows 
If you don't enjoy this maybe you & your friends are just lame.. Smooth easy fun different ways to communicate.. Stop reading and download it's worth it
 
 
We need update 1080p support 
cannot block people 
 
I want to update wechat
Great app much better than whatsapp
 
Muy bueno
consume too much of battery usage.if compare to line and whatsapp
 
Amazing video call free!!
Tampilan oke,, tapi pas video call lebih bagus skype.. Maka contohlah skype..!!.Dan harusnya kirim video bisa lebih dari 5 menit durasinya....I waiting update.. _
 
 
Muito bm!
The best
 15 
Good
A bit confusing to this octagenarian
 timo app
The app is downloaded but i can't see please fix it!!
Useful for me.. Really really great..
If 'miss you' can give effect of stars than 'love you' n 'like you' like words must be recognized...in text box
Superb:)
 
Very nice and useful app
Its an awsum app
 
Nice, keep upgrading!
_366607674_
Why I have to turn on the location to check out the moments?.
 
Great app
Add:alefehenrique95
     
wp 
 
 
Awesome app. 
Why this app can't apear on my device, altought i have already install it.. Please tell me how to fix this
                             
 ?  
Tried million times to get the verification via sms!! still nothing
Good for chatting with friends but desperately needs an update 
good
 QQ  99 
Top
 
Wechat is much better for android phone but for windows 8 phones not that much good needs improvments for windows 8 phones
 
Its great sike
 load 
Good apps 
I can talk to my friends and family and it's free 
8.1 update, no push notifications, cross android OS messages restored fail.
Very bad
Very heavy since the update! _ 
 
Need to update latest version for Lumia 800.
No push for the new message.
Love it
All ok... But shake plugin shows ppl from China...
App works very well, I wish more people used this service as I find it to be a lot better than other messaging apps out there. But heck, we all love the underdogs, right? The Shake feature is very unique too. Keep up the support on WP!
I love this app, I use it daily to communicate with far off relatives
Luv it!
          app of the year ... Shake is not working ... Fix it soon .. Then 5 stars 
 
Good
Rate wechat
Good dating app
Very good
Its cool you can meet plenty of people!
Great app!
Very wauuuu
Add network proxy in setting for Iran was very nice.
Notifikasi sudah muncul,tetapi pesan tak kunjung muncul dan tidak ada.. Loading terus..
   
 
 
 
 
 
No video send option for window 8.1..can't send video from phone memory but it can be forwarded.
PASIVO M xico norte (Coacalco) 5591904321 
sometimes no notification 
        app
Quite decent, but your location info ain't loyal
Ok
Good
Very good 
 
Great app!!! Love the innovative message in a bottle. Fun way to get social
 
Can't send video, no feature for video message. Why do all the windows versions of apps need to be of lesser capabilities? 
Slow closing when i want to exit this app. Wp 8.1. Please fix it.
 
0 stars!!! The app is hard to use, even sending messages, and the sticker shop. Forget trying to hook up with anyone, everyone is either a creepy guy, or a random person in china or the middle east. The guys in the middle east often have creepy     profile pictures, and forget trying to use this app in America, because you'll have to shake your phone a million times to find someone who speaks your language or is straight and in your country. Voice calls aren't even free. Uninstall after I submit this review. DO NOT GET!!!!
:D
 
Excellent.
Great concept!
Love this on my phone! I use it for international communication. Wish it was just as easy to set up on my Windows tablet (and at same cost... Free download from Windows store).
After the new update,video call function is not working 
 32 !
8.1 WP 
Some functions are missing
I love this app!!!
You need to fix sms verification, Brazil has another digit in the cell phone.. It's +55 11 9 8181 8181
Not bad
Kills battery...
 
So so
One of my Favourite application.. .Please add option sent,Delivered,seen like WhatsApp,hike etc have...
Awesome _ 
Zhazha
 
 
 
Moments cannot post text only. Must include with photo. Please update.
:@
 
 . 
love it
Can't get my 50 rupees recharge
wp7 
Se na vers o para Windows Phone 8, acessasse os v deos armazenados para envi -los, como acontece no Android, seria o app perfeito. Ao menos poderia criar uma pasta com os v deos e imagens recebidos, como no WhatsApp para WP8.
It's been a great communication tool 
Nice app.....
 
Awesome 
Where's my money???????
wp 
Still not as good as whatsapp :).Whatsapp is still my no. 1 messenger
 wp sb wp sb 
Its block in Iran.please update it to another server,.Block in Iran
Awesome mind blowing fatafari !!!
 
Its not bad
 WP 
Nice app_ 
good
Please update the app, in wp 7.8 has no video call.
5 1 bug bug 5 
very good _ 
Its good 
Good
 
 unknown error
 
I don't Like it, too many perverted guys!
Still no people hub integration.
Cool
Why I got push notifications on 8.1?Why don't u build this application  u          _ 
wp8.1  
 
Feeling happy
 UI UI
 
Wifi E 3/4G 
 
 
Can't open pictures. Please fix that. And make video chat with the lumia 900
No need to ring the sound again after resuming back from notification
 
 
No notification   why no notificTion if the app closed
Good _ 
 
 
 1 
Can't add someone by sending greeting cause Wechat is flawed. Please fix it. 
Nice but need the video call on HTC titan plz 
good
 wifi 
Please make it like iso or android version 
 
 
Filter in Iran _ 
 iphone 
Disappointed to see that the new update didn't address any real issue, like lack of video sharing feature and  missing message. False advertisement by saying "sharing images and videos has never been easier"! Please fix it 
Location not working on 8.1 pls fix this.... I am unable to use shake
 
_
 
5.2 makes no improvements at all
 
Online feature we want. 5 stars app
 
         
 
Update 
 
I have installed the app, and today had an update, the update caused the phone to crash. After restart, continued the update but the application is not showing in the applications list? I can not uninstall nor install the application. And for sure can not use it....help plz
Very bad after update, its exit automatically 
Great app!
UI 
 
     
 
 
 
 
Plz change servers :( iran blocks your ip servers. We love this app. Plz solve problem
 
UI 
 
 
Windows phone 8.1  
Past year goverment of iran filtered wechat servers :|
 
great 
 . You get stickers and everything, it is so good.
All in one = Perfect
...uhhh strange people on here
 .
Ok app no problems but there is a lot of people who are looking for sex... :(_
   
Overall ok. Still I miss a lot of calls because the application does not start up. Only when I manually open the app I find the missed calls.
 
Awesome
App has problem connecting to calls.
No puedo contestar una llamada
Good stuff
 
Where are the games?? -___-
Getting message too slow
Supar aaps
 LinkedIn ~
Nice & cute
Excellenttttttt!!!!!! _ .... Enough said !!!!!!  _
Good for chat but have no game_
Awesome
Good.
Terrible 
Kik me- hondakid22 16/M
   WP8  .
Best app that ive seen so far
As functional as it gets, it freezes a lot when opening and closing pictures in private messages, and crash the apps after that.please fix this.this has been going on longer than it should have.lumia 820 user here.
Nice app
i'm new in we chat and from the first look it's amazing and it has a fantastic ways to find friends around the world ... it's really on of the best chat apps in the store _ 
wifi ios level 
Very bad
 
Update needed. Need a long time to open the apps, messages, and too late. Please fixes it dmsoon
Operation too frequent. Please try again later and limit search friends .... These problem make me angry ... So fix fixed other wise aap is good
Awesome app! Great for international communication. Used while 1/2 a world away to chat with wife for free!
Greeting messages must be shown as screen notifications
slow and sluggish like no tomorrow..
 
 
Flashback!!
Very like
Good, but keeps getting fake shake results 
 bug
Great app
Please fix the error "Operation too frequent"
Jd gk    dibuka lg_ 
 
 
Awesome app. Need more bottles. Please update this
 
Very interesting 
It's an excellent app to meet strangers and befriend new people from different cultures and ethnicities. I am still to find an app out there that will beat or even matches the coolness of WeChat.
N o dei cinco estrelas por n o ser dispon vel em portugu s.
Filter in Iran.         .                   
Not gonna lie, no reason to lie but I love this app its easy and simple to use.
 
 
0 
 
1320 
good
 !
Sao b  out ra ho i ho i t c gi   i.kh c ph c t i nhe.thank.
 
 
                                     .My ID:aboalfazl1851.Please add me
 
No Notification Alert in WP 8.1 Preview for developers edition....I don't like it Please update and Fix it... thanks WeChat ID : eleventh_shadow   ...Please help where to download older version
Me gusts wecht
Sucking.........only china names........worst worst application I hav ever seen....
 
Please add a sideways keyboard
 
   512
Awsome
So so
No notifications in windowsphone 8.1
My favorite
This app sucks! It only finds people from China no matter where you are !
Fun way to keep in touch internationally_
it's take too long time to open the application and sometimes the internet disconnect
Good
SLOW ON VIDEO CALL , HOPE AN UPDATE TO MAKE THAT FAST !!!
Overall pretty good except that it drains battery pretty heavily...
Just fabulous
 
A bit buggy need region options in shake 
UI 
Going to get up 
 
I cant send greetings!!!!!!! Boo!
 bug maicoo@live.cn
Occasionally crash on lumia 720
 
Missingi the apps list.
 html5
Need to really update.. .. No games ..
Nice 
 
This works well with network data, and is a dump on Wifi. Pls fix...
 
 
 
Good!
 wp 
Update fr wp8.1 please!!!
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cool... But no flip screen? 3 stars tops! Only use it because i have to.
 
Everyone must use it. I honesty love   WeChat
8.1 
 
This is awesome!! I could keep in touch with my friends even if she had moved to China .
good  really good
Sucks
 
This app sucks     omfg who ever made this please Keep your day job bro
We-Chat made it alot easier to communicate with my family.
Nice 
Shake doesn't work for me.. Only Chinese names out dere. .P.s..Broken for months now
 
 wp  
 
Good apps
Awesome _ love it _ 8.1 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
 ng
 
 
How do you make it louder? I put it at max and it sounds lime a whisper
Lol
 
                       
Need to add attach video function, and more than 10MB limit, also can't see shared location of other people...
Simply the best especially voice messaging make it easier to chart
Poor notification and too many useless functions. Add a new version with instant messaging features only plz
The voice call sounds sucks, it can be better in the next update. 
Aweeeeeesome app...jus love it....
After last update app crashed and unable to removed or accessed pls help
Melhor que whats APP porem inferior ao line
wp7 wp win8 wp
 
I can't get the notification
 
Notification problems.
 iOS Android 
Love it,hope can have newest update from Android version of being able to download a game ..
  
Nice app!
Not work 
WeChat is totally awesome! How many other apps are there that gives you free calls, free chat, walkie talkie sessions, and video chat. Seriously.
A poor performance app. Laggy yet lack the important features such as posting status on Moments without photos. Update this please
 
Suck
Please update. My moment can't open and loading. Can't see any post. Please fix. Lumia 925 windows phone 8.1
I like that
 7 ? ? 
8.1 
 
Great app. Lots of cool features 
Operation too frequently pls try again later.. Fix this
 wp8 wp7 
Muito melhor q o whatsapp, muito bom msm.
Uninstall _ 
 
   
 ?
 wp 
Cool app
 
 
 
 
 
     !!!
awesome....
 
 
 bug
7.5 ?
 
wp7.8 !
Win7.8 
 
 
 
 !!!
 3.4.6 
 
 ?
Any password protection function?
       wp7.8   
 /?
 
wp7!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
  wp7   
 
 :-(
 
 ?
 WP !!
 
 
 
   
_
Melhor que whats, pois   muito bonito!
Bom..
 
 
_ just one star , cause every time have this problem ( opertion too frequent please try again later) , its stupid servic _
 
         ...
Bug location in win8.1 !.App Filter in country iran !! :-(
If this app could search for people in specific countries, it would be great.
 
Muito bom.
I love the hold to speak option. I've been keeping in touch with my daughter while she is out of the country and its been nice hearing her voice everyday. Thank you 
I like it.
 
UI wp UI 
Nice!
Nice app
UI 
Better 
WP 
 
It is a smart app, but not there yet.
Update  
 
 
 
 
Disfunctional
 
It doesn't open after an update of 26MB
       
Gud
 
 bug 
Dafug is da notification at?? Using windows 8.1 developer preview
No video or file attachment options! Only photo attachment.can not run in background! 
Great app
 
UI 
Amazing
 
 WP - -!!!
Update needed..no features as android:-(
Good luck _ 
8.1 
Porq q essa merda est  em Ingl s no  meu Ascend W1??
 
Nice app _
Muito bom
  wp8.1 
 Q : 133648465 WP LumiaWP8.1 LumiaWP8.1 WP8.1 WP8.1 WP8.1 WP8.1 Lumia WP8 -- 
 
 
_
 
Good _ 
Nice
This app is cool I was able to talk To a friend in china using the walkie talkies 
Why can't we change wechat Id
Excelente 
 
 
 
 
 8.1 
 
After awhile the video and voice chat stops working. It sucks. Fix the glitch.
 
Good
very nice and easy to use!.
So bad.Driving me crazy
How I upgrad
Don't work after update my windows phone (last update)
Go
Top
Do not download you can not make  video calls I would give it 0 stars if I could 
 
It was good at past, not working anymore. Totally useless..
 / 
 
Sucks
Hebat, bisa call, video call, chat, all in one,,,_ 
Low
Awesome app...love it!
 
Osthir
 
 
 
 
Crash at launch since 5.1.4 please fix this quickly !
   
 8.1 Nokia icon..
 
 
Suck......
 
 
 
Kk
 
 
Some emoji send by others operating system like Android cannot be seen... 
 
cannot update..
 
Cheers
 
 qq 
No service contact and no way get help 
 
To slow
wifi 
   
Lag
 very wonderful 
If your device has low storage it won't let you open it and use the app even after its installed. Cant use it because of that, the little bit of time I could use it seemed promising.
 
Ottimo 
 
Good but connectivity is very bad 
bad
 
 
Shortly, the best!
Work great 
 
Great app but really needs update for performance
Real time location service missing from wp !.Update it plz!.So that it can become addictive outside china as well
On my Lumia 720 can't open this app!!! Please make update to fix problems 
Great app, so easy to use and a great way to keep in touch with friends.
 
:(
 8.1 
 
For god know what reason, this app starts showing people from China a kilometer around me in that "Shake" application! :-/
 
Crash when share 3 photos
Good. But it's not has Russian language 
 
Muito bom. Logo virar  febre igual Whatsapp.
8.1 
 
Good 
 
 
 
Great app
Fast n free... 
Better than whatsapp 
Plz update it.. Shake is not useful anymore..
Not awesome but I like the updates, the walky talky and all tat is nize
Video call hoti hai kya ismeeee....
 
I really like this! I especially like sending the stickers and my own pictures! Good app! Thanks WeChat!
 
 qq 
Sometimes I have to open twice to get things loaded
Good
best app   
Great app.
Latest version
Windows Phone version is still behind the iOS and Android versions. Just not impressed 
 WP7 
 
tap a star to rate this app
No updations are available!!!! please make updations of this software !!
Its the best video chat for people like me who don't want to spend money to video chat with a relative on Skype. I like this WAY more than Skype!
 ios wp 
 
I like this app. Have been using it more and more.
Operation too frequent         . Fix.
For WP 7.5 it shows always version 3.4, no upgrade :(
 
Crash a lot on Nokia lumia 610
Video clarity not good,hanging
Totally sucks for Windows Phone users (mine is Lumia 620)..keeps crashing and can't send text messages in chat, can only send stickers. Please update & fix!
No notifications for WP 8.1 Dev Preview on my Lumia 520
222
Good stuff 
Cool _ 
 
   !!! !!!
Its cool
Great app
wp7 ?
Pathetic UI.. Making people fool's by automated replies from Raina, Chopra etc... Don't know why you are advertising in tvs _  
 wp7 ! !
Wish I could sync to more than one device but otherwise features are great.
Not working at all at WP 8.1 dev preview 
I must admit it's a heavy app. Not lightweight like WhatsApp. Anyway great app for contacting my friends.
 
 
Given one star for unfair treatment of xiaobing Microsoft
Plz update it providing a password lock
Amazing 
Good nice muito melhor que o Whatsapp...privacidade personalizada
It showing always : Connection failed. Please check your network settings. I'm not even able to signup for it. Even after reinstalling the app. Huh
Update plez
 
 
 
Useless
 
 
nice
 2 
Add Arabic language _ 
Its awesome ...n better than WhatsApp...but if wechat remove the error ...that is .. operation too frequent... .
 ,  ,  iOS, Android .  8.1 Social app ,  Moments People .
 9 
Video and voice call
Bueno
Update is long due..has the problem of delayed notifications..doesn't work properly on slow connection..Has some unique features but needs to be updated urgently
Gooooooooood_
Cool and fun app!
 
 !
Bad!
I wish I can get the stickers 
Great
Yr
Lags alot..
Super awesome _ 
 
awesome
This version needs to have the built in translation like the iPhone. Its good but it lacks that 
Eats battery in Windows phone 8.1 more than any other app
 
 qq 
 ios 
 
Wow. Awesome.
 
 
Melhor mensageiro da plataforma WP
Excellent. Take note LINE; This is how you do a WP app. Not your lazy POS abortion...Now if only my Thai friends used wechat.
                                         .       
ui 
 
Gets the job done with the texting. But webcam works for certain WP's 
Wow 
Improve the active featured 
Best messenger for windows phone!
It's saying network problem 
 
I absolutely love this website.
 8.1 
100
sth going wrong fix it 
Awesome 
Great app
Like
Can recover my password.dont work.. pls help!!!!
 
Good job _ 
1 or 2 star. This literally has to be the stupidest thing I ever saw. It must only appeal to little kids with oodles of time to kill.  Not intended for productivity. No voice calling feature anywhere I can see. Wasted time, you can't even use it to phone a number that doesn't have the app already. 
Need to improve
Okay so far 
Great app.. I have met tons and tons of girls
 
 
Pimp     ...beter if wasnt n chinese..make a english version
Good app, I think its well built for windows phone 8. .There is three things I'd like to see...1- more official chat wallpapers, and can be applied to to whole app, not just the chat room..2- option to change the app theme color.3- maybe giving us a BBM Channels - like feature.
Two stars missing coz there is no deactivation system....
Good
 w8 ?
when close app then ist take so much tym...n notification not work properly...fix it so soon
Love it .Better than WhatsApp 
 WinPhone ? 5.1.3 ?
 
 
 
Gg
 
 
I absolutely love using this app the most. This is my main instant messenger and main method of texting It has everything. If only its video call worked as well as Skype...
 
 7.8
Aplicativo super legal recomendo.
Slow loading in wp8.1 lumia 720
 
Not getting the activation SMS .. 
 
Essa m    n o manda logo o c digo 
 Wp 
lte 
Super Chat Client - wenn man erstmal ein paar Leute  berzeugt hat. Dann aber super sch n mit den Animationen, tollen Emoticons und der genialen M glichkeit auf einen beliebigen Browser am PC zu wechseln!
 
Doesn't pull in my phone contacts
 BUG
 bugs 
 UI 
My moment stuck!!!why???fix this thing NOW!!!
 
5.0 
Too many         bugs and the app is too slow _ 
Muito bom...
 
 
No notification for win 8.1
 
Estou maravilhado. Tenho um moto g e o lumia 720, o wechat   muito melhor no Windows Phone do que no Android fiquei maravilhado e surpreso com isso. Design lindo. Desempenho muito bom. Esse   infinitamente  superior ao whatsapp no Windows Phone. Sempre recomendo para os meus amigos o wechat. Pena que nem todo mundo use o wechat como usam o whatsapp
Muito bom melhor que o whatsapp para windows phone. Deve atualizar logo para poder enviar v deos.
 
8.1     
Duper
plz provide password protection
Where is the new real time location sharing. They use a Lumia phone in the advisement yet they haven't provided the update yet.
Can't receive qq messages.what about u?
 
I love the app but in wp 8.1 it makes the phone crash and restart, the batery gets sucked pretty quick and the phone gets hotter than hell. Fix it please.
           
Its a nice lil app
i think i cant send videos using this  one...
Really some decent app and always fun _..But I find some weird problem when it comes to nearby ppl and distance information, how can 1km away gives me ppl in china lol..Nway I hope this get fixed..Or the shake category can be filtered to distance or ppl nearby as well. 
 
Nice,but there is not option to send video,plz update fast
Ok
Good but too slow  
Great app works well!! Just don't have a lot if friends using it ..
  1080p  
Great app. Just wish more than one of my friends had it
 wp ?
 . 
Update notification it is slowly and add new ringtone 
 
This suck
 1 wifi wp bug wp8.1 bug 
notification slow, please update again _
wp8.1 
We Iranian users have some serious issues and problems with connecting .please update.
 
 
good
Like 
 
Ok ok
 
Best msg app ever! ( although there's some minor issues) 
1. Chang app icon and  tile to green colored instead of transparent please..2. App list icon is too big!! Ugly..3. Medium Sized Tile icon size is too big! Please learn from system apps icon size..4. Can't type any characters under Chinese locale/langage/unit settings
ios android  5.3  . WP  5  1  3? . + 
 
Muito bem leve e f cil pra mecher
Its awesome!
It has some nice basic features but generally hard to use. Lacks advanced features webchat is a complete joke 
 
   
It's great but becomes slow sometimes, please work on it 
Color theme doesn't change
I can't download right after I update to Windows phone 8.1 any solution? TT
 8.1 
Well done. Enough said. 
 !  
Good
 
No notifications 
 
 
Best instant messaging app! Better than Whatsapp and others.
 
Nice
 
Have a solution for iran filtering a BiG sOlUtIOn plz
WeChat needs more menus to control and edit moments AND to be able to track chat by time stamp.
Ok but slow, at least for Windows Phone 7.  Notification doesn't always show up. 
good
Good tool!
No post text in moment :(
It seems this app is not willing to push notifications. Although it's just from time to time. But  the latency  may cost loss.
No update for win7.8
Awesome 
NICE
Muito legal _ um dos melhores app que existe, pra me ele _ essencial.
 
       
The best! But where's game?
 
 
wp8.1 
 s
Not bad
Why the most of the users are Asians _
My chat goes off very 10 minutes why
   
 
Not getting notifications on WP8.1. Please fix this quickly. Update: Notifications are now fixed. All is well!! _ 
please update your Windows Phone SDK to WP 7.8. You built app compatible with WP 7.5 instead of 7.8. That is why it doesn't work well.
 8.1 
moment    8.1 Viber 
 
 
Connected me with my friends and family all around the world! Relatively easy to use.
Very useful apps
Its a must! _
 
 
 
Only asian people...
 8.1 
Not bad _
 8.1 
Nobody on here... Lame.
I like the app but get a bit confused by somethings
Awesome
It's ok
The best social app on windows phone 
I love wechat
Add me I'm boy 449312618  
 
awesome....
 
    
 
_ _ _ _ _ _.God bless you you was such a good application_ Iran gov blocked your servers
        
good
 
My fvrt
 
Great app!
Funcionou muito bem no WP8,mas no 8.1, ele n o est  exibi,do as mensagens que recebo.... J  alterei o tamanho nos  cones no desktop pois achei que a nova interface estaria bloqueando a exibi o...
What is with this.  It appears that mostly Chinese use this app. Very strange indeed 
 
The setting is not functional. I want to have notification without sound. What no matter how I configured that, it's just not working (either no notification at all or notification with both sound and viberation)! Too bad!
Cool
 
    
 
 it slow and doesn't look good
Spot on. Good interface and functions!
It would be really nice to have moments on the live tile... Otherwise the big tile is just a waste..
 5 WP7.8 3 
 
Cannot mute the new message notifications!
_ 
        
Please someone help me...how I can delete my wechat Account on WP?
 yi i te ne olsun daha
UI 
Please fix the bug of the operation too frequent.
Awsm !!
Habiliten la rotaci n del teclado. 
O app esta dando erro ao enviar algumas mensagens...precisa de corre o..
quite few issues as mentioned by previous commenters on wp8.1. delayed notification is one of huge issues
Nice.
 
 WP  
Perfect #
Quite good with rarely any bugs
 
good
Good app
 8.1
Good
Exelent
No probs until now...
Can't login
8.1 
 
 
Waiting for a big change and improvement.
 
Nice app. Much better than buggy WhatsApp. Would be perfect if runs faster.
Hey! Ahora no se pueden enviar los chat's con WP8.1 se inhabilita la tecla de entre!!
Moments  
 
 
 
We chat is good.. It would be more good if it shows whether the other person is online and delivery status..
Cool
i struggle to get my messages,if using network.its ok if m using wifi then messages flow easily.as for that i sometimes wait an hour or more just to see the message...application takes long to load and connect....i would give half a star
 hold 
 ios wp 
 
Beter than any messenger .. !!
   . 
I would have given 5 star, if I could have used some kind of translation software (Bing translator) to understand another language as i am traveling in various countries. That would be awesome!!. Between me and my friend you got 4.5, "WeChated"  _ 
 
 
Skype is better
 
WP8.1 
 
In Iran is filtering 
 
 QQ 
Awesome app.
 
 WP !
 
w7 3.2 
Only can share photo? Can share word?
Very good. 
Rubbish app. 
super
Will lag when typing and change language
 WP8.1 Preview
 
WP 8.1DP      
Nice app but doesnt show whether the people is online or not,the message is delivered seen or not,and if another person is typing or not.....!!!!
good
Need update @itsacjha 
 
 8.1 8.0 
 QQ 
 
Decent!!
windows phone 
 (  )
No notification when new message come in wp8.1
8.1  
 
8.1 
fxxx it doesn't work on wp8.1
 
Thanks for update. _ 
 
 
god app.
It needs for updating more and more
 
 
This app would be amazing. If I didn't have a ID name that was made by the owner of this number before me. I mean we should be able to change it, I want my own account not account that is mine and everyone elses. I really would like if that can be fixed. Then it will be 10 stars in my books. I love it. 
 
wp8.1 
 !
Shake not working for me... Only showing people from china within 12 km...
Awesome _
 
If u don't get enough spam in your life download this app
Intrusive and bothersome service
Can't block wechat team message.
Good but the updates are too large
Great
 ui 
 app 
 
After update .when try tu open group conversation .the apps exit tu live tiles .hope can fix it .
 
 wp app 
 
good
 
wp8.1 
Works great .21/m ID yas_mz
 
Not bad
 
 
 
 
I love it _ love _ 
 
 WP 
 
Bad!
    
Lolaa
I would give a 0 if I could but sadly I cannot. I have tried to use several of their features witch would not work and when working would be messed up in one way or another. A number of times it assumed I was in china... I'm in USA and when I tried to revive help with the matter they were rude and in no way helped me. This is one app I will never be using again.. After I can figure out how to unsubscribe. Pos
7.8 
wp 
Excellent Puerto Rico
Get TEXT ME.  The App Is Free, And It Works Good.
Great app. Fast, intuitive, powerful.update: Since updated to 8.1,no more pushing, no matter what .Update 2: It now works.
 
 
_WINDOWS PHONE_QQ_WELL DONE_
 ! 
best chat app
Works great
Sends ads to your inbox.
Push notifications stopped working with 8.1
 
 
 
 
Notifications alert is back.. Working again _ 
Location sucks since I'm in America and it gives me ppl from china :\ totally need fixing
 
Awesome aplication.Add me @wechat id : delapanize
 
Could not even get it started... 
Super
Notifications not working with 8.1 version of windows phone. Needs an update to fix this problem.
Eh um mensageiro muito bom, mas tenho duvidas, as notifica es nao s o confi veis e o aplicativo   inst vel em muitos momentos, quero saber quando teremos uma atualiza o para o wp, pra corrigirmos esses bugs num aplicativo que eh t o bom
 
Very nice app. Way better than that QQ app of yours.
Gdr3 custom notification! There is push notification in 8.1 . Try to reinstall.
 
Great...I hope more people use this app.
I would have given WeChat five stars but they claim to have games under the Discover tab and they don't. I tried contacting them about it and still haven't heard from them.
 win phone ?
 
Buena
 . 
 
no push notification for 8.1 developer preview
 
Notifications not working. This really limits its usability. Nokia Lumia 810
 
No notifications 8.1
 
 
since the wp8.1 update notifications aren't appearing unless i'm inside the app. please fix
Its perfect in WP8 but isn't giving me any notifications in WP8.1 a fix to that would give it 5 stars
Very great app 
Very good _ 
 Wp8.1 
Push notification stop working after installation of wp8.1 developer previews on my Lumia 520. Please fix 
 !
 :-S
Great
 wp8 
Poor
920 8.1 T^T
 ?
I dont like it it doesnt notify me when i get new messages
Both my wife and I love it. So convenient! Great job!
Perfeito
Awesome 
 
 
 
Phone getting hot and battery _ getting low quickly.
 928 8.1 
 WP 
In Iran filtered ... Please by proxy ...
  925
Ok
 
No notification for WP 8.1
No notification alert for wp8.1
 
 
Lots of lag. Please fix it. ASAP
One of the better apps for windows phone.
Good but i need more updates
8.1 no push notification
 
Not bad but in 8.1 it doesn't show notification
Good one
Can't work it 
8.1 
Nice 
 
Powerful 
 
Very          cool
THE BEST!!! _
 1 
 8.1   
 .1 wp wp .2 
 
Update plz 
 40s 
I have to say, it is a great app.
Great!!
 
 
Lumia820 8.1 
Very good 
Good
Cool
Worst app ever, buggy and keep frozen on my HTC 8X
 csj595406708 
Nice.Very good
_
   wp8.1 
hao
Just so so 
 ~~
Update 
nice
What are problem with this.no update for windows 7.
Fantastic
Good and nice
     7.8   7.8      
 wp 
Shake s nod working properly... Showing china s 1km frm India... Lol... Funny 
Nice
 
!
Absolute Trash. More bugs in it than a house in the jungle. Connectivity issues. Walkie talkie says someone is talking when no one is talking and hasn't been talking for 5 minutes. Voice message system cuts my messages short without the help of me taking finger off control. Please fix this     . Make an option where we can use a button for ptt walkie talkie or voice message. Absolute trash.
Add me @ king_kie216
In Iran not working
Better than android and IOS.
 
This app does everything that I need and after trying all similar products I like this one the most 
good
 @WP 
 
 !
Duh :/
So good
 
Awesome alternative to communicate 
 
 
 
 
Best chat app out there!! A+
Not very fast/fluid on my Lumia 1020 so please optimize and update more frequently. Also, regardless of setting for notification it vibrates/makes noise. Why does so few chat history displays by default in such a space inefficient manner? Will re-rate when app improves...
In my country, server of wechat blocked, proxy need for this app.
Not as same as android and ios version, hope can upgrade faster.
Cool app,wait till you give it a try.
So dissapointed. When i want to chat with another, always the massage failed and it say 'too frequent msge, please try later' ...           !
Cad  as salas de bate-papo que tem no Android?
 
 
 
Enjoying 
       
Design ugly is not worthy of such an application.This application is very cool
 
I always get "There was a problem communicating with the server", both on GSM and WiFi.
Good app! For windows phone!!
 
 WPBing 
V n ch a c  ti ng Vi t 
Update please.
 ios 
                 
weibo feeds can not see the whole pic
 
Excelente!
Update windows 8
Love the app but I dislike how WeChat doesn't start a ringtone of some sort when someone is video calling you._
 
Very good app
doesn't have the "look around" option
   
5 star.
Update! Windows 7.5
 wp
Absolutely terrific app, great on windows(:
As a free app it does well 
dont have an ability to post status on wechat moments without an image.
It's so good..
Please language arbic
Add me wechat number   972404726 just for girls 
Overall very cool app!
Update plz
:)
  
I need update, please.. Everytime I shake my phone, the people who always come are from china within less than 10 km in distances.. This is totally annoying since I don't live in china.. And also about drift bottle feature, NO ONE never answer my bottle.. What's wrong with we chat?? Never like this before..
 
First app ever on windows phone that crashes and freezes some other apps as well. Lumia 920
Good
Like this apps
Very good
 
Love it :)
It's pretty awesome I will rate 5 stars with more features 
need update
 
 
Excellent 
 
 
Unable to open the apps.. Pls help
 
 
Cannot share links on Windows 
very good for communication
Good app!
:)
Love it
Muito bom, mas pode melhorar... Poderia ter mais recursos.
sick! ;)
 
Can't watch videos. Please update. 
If only the feature is as many as ios and Android
App thinks I'm on the other side of the planet. I'm located in the USA and it just shows me people from China and says they are 5 miles away. Useless
Good 
Allow video chat
This app is amazing!!!
 
 
 UI 
Good
:)
Version 5.2 please,this version doesn't work
Please upgrade as soon as possible 
 
Ur awsome but to many people do bad stuff on it 
Better than Viber and not owned by Facebook.  
 
 
Ok
 5.2 
 !!!
not good enough do sth 
Its easy and simple, it works good for me on my Lumia 928 
Good I recommend it 
 WP 
     ,     vibera,        
 
Thanks, good luck 
 !
 
 
G r nt l  arama,sesli arama,mesaj,foto video g nderimi hepsi var
 
Kinda lame
 !
Only able to post pic in moment. Please make us able to post text like other OS.
 !!!>_<>_<>_<
 
 
I Love it. It's a good Messenger for WP.  ---  Great.
     ,     
Wechat filtered in Iran please fix my problem :'(
 
 
I prefer this over kik any day. Add me folks im M/24 especially if your a Xbox one gamer im_stealth. No one under 18 please 
Windows phone APP IPHONE 
Difficult to set up
Great app please add me,steve_stifler_big
Needs a update _ update it plz
 ?
Melhor q watspps e skype na minha opini_o muito bom por enquanto _
Very bad app
 
 
fiquem a vontade pra adicionar, 081 9260 5419, chama l_, vlw _
hi_my id lianzhuxiong    welcome my friends!_
Bilguun
 WP  
Great apppp
 
Cannot find the look around option.. using nokia lumia 510.. plz help.
Sucks need more ways to talk to people
 
Just nice.
Awesome website!
 wp 
Best messenger by far. More features than you can shake a stick at!
_ _
Feedback time, you all need to improve the spell autocorrect in the app for windows phone. The native texting app that comes with the phone is sooo much better
Need most updated version
 ?
awesome
Great app
                     :-( 
Works superfine!
weixin windows phone ?
You suck
 
 
 
 
No notification alert 
 
I'm waiting for Psiphone for windowsphone, I can't use Facebook,wechat,twitter,whatsapp &...without psiphone..._
 
Great 
 
good
This app is awesome and the version on windowsphone is the best and can't be compared to other phones. But there should be a sign to show if someone has received the message and if someone is typing.
 bug 
   !  
 
 
Good._
Good , Nice . Follow My Twitter  @FajarNoorAulia , Follow My Instagram : fajarnooraulia , add my gamertag Xbox : New Brainware
If you aren't Asian, don't get this app...nothing but Chinese ppl.
Thank you so much 
 bug 
doesn't show online/off-line status
 
Great app
 
update please
 1259898701
Great replacement for couple app. However would love to see notifications on lock screen. Also a tilt keyboard. Keys are too small for typing upright. Also every once and awhile app crashes after photo or video's. But other then that I love the stickers, voice chat is cleaner then any other windows phone app - Skype heytell or talk box. Just to name a few.
 
Bueno
Won't release the microphone after it was closed
Bueno
 
It's really great app
pls update. notification is not in real time and always delay
No update. Problems with push sometimes.
best social app
    
Best app...
 
The app is amazing but I have this problem that the app keeps closing 50% of the time I tap something in the app. If that could be fixed I would give it 5 stars
Legal
1
30 sec.videos take 6 Mb... Is this good or bad?
I need more stickers. Emoticons
     ...         
2
That's a great app, combine with FB,Skype,message...etc.
 
 
 
Very good.
 
 wp7 x ( ) wp 
 
 
Very different 
 jinbuqu 
Good
Good
Awesome, now i can talk to my Aussie friends on something other then Xbox live... Plus the group feature is nice when i need to talk to 3 or 4 people at once, no more playing middle man.
Great!!
smooth prfrmnce!!..not bad
 
very. good but we want it in Arabic
No password changing?
Its perfect!!!! Its not whatsapp, mor Twitter, neither Facebook, but a combination of all of them.
 
 ! 
Awesome 
 
 
 ; ie 
Ichiban _
 
Does not notify you of incoming notification if you don't have the app open and actively looking at it.
._09351137579iran98_
U can chat with Chinese. My wechat account is lovewuyannv.
 
Awesome 
too bad
   
<3 
Doesn't even deserve the star I had to give it to leave this comment.
 
No local chatters in a city with over 1  million people. App thinks I am Chinese for some reason. Loads very slow.
 tell me  
Best app ever but, but I can't figure out some stuff but you get use to it and you can invite friends to which is cool
Why no update
 ?
 !
great
Good...
Easy to use, great application 
Good App
Good _
Not
 
Wp7.8 
Falta poder enviar v deos.
MT bom, s  falta gente
Amazing communication between WP and iOS
Too slow...Lumia 900
Precisa atualizar. As vezes as msgs de  udio saem muda e as notifica es demoradas
Good!! :D Add me, I'm from Brazil: allexamano
 
Melhor que existe, deixa as outras no chinelo 
Me facina la aplicaci n le doy 5
Great! The best for be in touch with your friends all around the world 
Faltou a op o de enviar v deos dos arquivos. No Android tem.
Amazing !
 
 
      wp sd      
Its good, but I'm in America not china please fix.
Bellissimo! Meglio di Whatsapp
Best
Great!
 
wp 
WP 
Esto
 
Very nice video chat works perfectly 
Doesn't work for Zimbabweans,,bloody     
wundows
 wp7 
Awesome!
Very god, mt bom
so good
wph ???
 . 
 .
It's a strong competitor of whatsapp
Very good application, I need more improvements in find near by features.
Aplicar o muito bom s  que no meu Nokia Lumia 920, as mensagem n o chega instant nea... App muito bom do que bugado...#Chateado
N o venda para o Mark.. Por favor..
The latest update causes new message notifications delayed or missing. Have to open wechat to check if there are new messages received.
100% better than Whatsapp!!! 
Muito bom
 wp7 
 
 
Not good
On my Lumia 928, the app plays a sound even when phone is set to vibrate. Also the app does not work in the background if you close the app. If that's intended it should notify the user.
Q 
I live in Texas and the      app thinks I'm in china or something! Dumb app doesn't work
 
Doesn't work on HTC 8s when I update to the newest, fix it...
Nao da pra excluir a conta! Patetico
 :-(
E
 bug 
Sao wechat nay kg dung dc font tieng viet vay ban....minh dung nokia lumia620 khong dung dc ngon ngu tieng viet...
A must have app!
 
25m USA id is western 
I really need help can anybody from we chat team respond?I've an account that is linked with the no. i used when i was in my home country now i can't use that number can u pls help me get back those contacts it's really important..please 
Never ever pushes a notification.  
_
Miss a lot of features in windows phone version
good idea poorly executed, im in Oregon USA, it thinks im in china hence very few features actually work
 WP 
It's cute", so far so good
 
 a really nice n fun way to communicate with ppl. Love the stickers n the voice talk ability.
 
grd tencent
I love it...!
Great app to chat with friends.
 !!!
This is awesome app
 
Unable to play received video. And why not update to 5.2 version?
Yes
It dosnt work in IRAN ~ 
Still no updated for windows phone 7.5
Works great
Does not do  a thing 
Bate de 10 a 0 no Whatsapp. Alem de poder colocar papel de parede nas conversas, tem in meras op es.
Awesome, I can make video calls and chat with friends far away :D
 windows phone 
 
 great job, keep going.
It's the best e-communication tool in the world.
 ! 
 
Can't sign up  
Only wechat very nice only released  version best
Dont buy windows phone
 
 qq 
So so ADD me 649619604_
 
 7.5 
Love
I keep on getting an error that says operation too frequent.please try again.     >:(
       
 WP !
 
 
Not bad 
 
Pretty good, like the video & voice features
It is become filter.please repair it
Good 
Color of program must be green . Plz
 
Coool
Updated my wechat please
Great!
 
    
Podeeeeee  esse app
Very good
Overheat and discharge my phone so quick. L1020, L1520.
Disconnects constantly. Can't send or receive messages. Very poorly written!!
No Arabic support  and the UI needs to change 
Muito bom, cumpre al m do que promete, faz por merecer o nome de WeChat, n o relatei nenhum bug ainda com o app, por m ao que parece apenas Chineses usam o bot o agitar, e pessoas do Oriente m dio a de Garrafas, de qualquer forma, um  timo app.
 
Me adicionem la "leida"
W8_
No me llega el mensaje de notificaci n con el c digo para registrar mi cuenta.... Arr glenlo por favor 
Notifikasi agak telat dan momen penting jadi lewat
 
The most beautiful App ever
Good 
Perfect!
lumia800 
wp7 !. !
 
Very good
:-o
It had improved from when I first download. Still need work but I re download to give it a second chance and me and my friends loving it again. _
Sucks....gives me people that are 5 miles away but really they are in china...and I'm in dc....
 
Buena
 windows 8 
Cool but crammed
Sweet 
I love it but wish I could video chat without having to go to a computer to scans code  
 
Please update application :|.Amo updetesh konid dg 
 
 
Awesome app!4 blocked id in Iran 4 windows phone user; enjoy wechat by proxy list app.:D
Whats app halt etmi  yan nda 
 
 
wp7 ?
 
  
 
I can see my friends clearly from a very long distance as half of the earth. Strongly recommend to everyone !!
 
 
Still lacking some functions from iOS and android but it's good
Great!!!
 
 wp 
 
 
Excellent 
QQ QQ 
Very nice
Love it
Nice 
 wp 
Thank you
How do you delete this account!?
inserrt tangoooo 
 !!!!
Awesome!
T_ show _
Good app...
 
   
Good
so-so
 !
 
 
I want landscape mode plz!!!!
 
Itz completly niCe;)
 
 
 
Add me sadlinux only girls plz
Notification suddenly stop working.. Pls look into this matter..
 
 
Update lagi yg ada game nya kayak android
 android 
Very goods the connection 
       
    
Wow, you will know what best means!
Good 
Marvelous 
Does exactly what it says 
 
Not update new version, icon for window phone, so bad
The best it can be.
Love it! The stickers are fun and its the easiest way for me to keep in touch internationally.
Better than iPhone 
it sucks
Thanks
wp7 5 0 
Shame on Iran's government,they filter everything...
This needs work lots of it
 5 
Pretty good 
Wechat is block in Iran by Iran governments we can't log in _
That is great that I can use WeChat on Windows Phone but please catch up with iOS and Android versions. Also, recently upgrade breaks functionality of sharing photos with friends. Please fix it ASAP.
Well it has lots of features to go on n on....enjoying it....
Shake feature, only people that appears are in the middle east like Iran, Iraq, turkey, Istanbul, etc. then after around 10 shakes in a row, only Chinese people appear within 1-5 miles away from me. This is clearly a glitch that needs fixing. This has been happening 3 updates ago and still hasn't been fixed. Using Nokia Lumia 920.
 wp 
 
 load  
 
 wp7 
 
Not bad but still lack of video upload ability when messaging... :(
 
Many problems need update 
Very  good  
Awesomerism
Perfect,but if this app wp8 = app android was very good 
good
 
 5.0 5.1 
How to update status?
 
Super great
Not Good...
Good application..
Weirdest bug ever. I installed and everytime I load it it crashes on sign in. BUT after that I can't start ANY other apps aside from system apps. At all, nothing starts.
Very good.thanks 
Good 
 
Interesting 
 
Free  call not add.
B  tay c i ti n  ch t m b n c a b n n y, to n ra t u kh a.. Dhs ! Ae t y chay
Better than yesterday 
Very good but need background calls not to be in a form of notifications 
Maaais ou meeeeeenos , no hay users_
 
No llegan notificaciones
Like this app _
App wechat filter for Iran plzzzzz help to Iranian 
 
 WP7 ?
R
Best txt and talk app so far awesome.
Estabueno
 
Whatsapp tinha que tomar vergonha na cara e fazer um app bom como este 
cool
 
 WP app 
 wp7 
Please include to send VDO on messages.
 ?
awesome
 
 w7 
 
 !
 
 wp7. 
 
tap a star to rate this app
Tons of functions, but I started getting random messages after signing up, scary! Also, no way to add contacts by name?? A little hard to use. Lumia 920.
 timo !
WP7 
Very good
 
Your users in Iran are filtered plz do somthing about it
 
Khoda rahmatesh kone
 
 2 
 ! 
All notifications dont come once you've clicked out of the app but its great app
De Su dung
 .
 
 
 
Couldn't receive any notification at all after updating to the latest version even with background running enabled. Reinstall the app makes no diff. Please push out the fix asap. Using Lumia 920.
I like.. :)
not good as anderiod
 
5 o
                                       ...  :-).Alone-Broken
Amazing 
Very good..Please update
 !  
 5 
Please update!
Wechat is block in Iran, please update
 !!!!!!
This update don't work 
 
Apparently no Americans 
Wonderful back up to normal callps
 window phone  IOS.android  OK
Is it just me or the people around u no matter where u are are all looking for sex? HATE THE PEOPLE NEARBY OPTION Remove it!!!
This is a great app, albeit more useful currently if you speak Chinese. Some work is still desperately needed, such as making sure bottle messages are only received for specified languages.
 
 
Nice
No notification !!!!!!
the notification would repeat twice for a message.
Very good 
Best chat app!
That a great app,if you wanna add some Asian,add me;D wechat I'd is tonywangabc
WP 
Its so funtastic
Very good application , please insert option proxy in new version
 
 
 
Wow
 
    
 
Really  amazing 
 
So far so go
 5.  
wp7.5 tmd ? 
 
Push notification always breaks
Wp7 
Great app..keep it up
 ;os 
Very nice and active 
 !!!!
 
 
   
 
Nice one.
 
 
 
 ! 
                             .                       
Great!_
The update has causes me to receive double notifications for every message received. Please fix asap. Super annoying and draining my battery. 
 wp7 
 
Not team
                                                            malss28
 
 !
Please. Upgrade as android or IOS. And got some delay
=]
I like it
         
100 star thakle 100 ditam
Varah majaa
Fixs loading problem please !
 ? 
 
Great app
 WP 
Maccho
 
 
Filtered in IRAN , please help us _
 
 
 
 
  ID    
   qq    
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
  
Yeah
 ios , qq 
   
Tam2
I found that if we switch the language to chinese the function of wechat is different.I can only say that little people use it in America.     Chinese "xiaohuobanmen" play happily!
Works well, but I sometimes get "phantom" message alerts when there are no new messages...
 
I really like it!
Very convenient great tool!
good
Very good
 
_ _ _ _ _
 
Great app
great
 
 
 
 
F r  winphon! Schlecht :-S
     
 ! !
Even after the most recent update still no rotate feature. All messages must be typed in portrait orientation. Most disappointing.
Agora sim, portugu s brasileiro, valeu wechat!
good
Good
I like it,  It's  easy contact to the friends.  It's  free.
Blocked in iran
 
Plz we need up to date for windows phon plz 
 
Less functions 
 WP8 
 
Some videos will not play on my Nokia phone
 !
 
Hi..I'm citizen Iran..In my country wechat-facebook-twitter-you tube FILTERING.Help my people,thanks.
 !  ?
Soso, 5 starts 
 
Esse app ta excelente pra meche, porem, quando sai dele trava o celular todo, so que volta ao normal, mais tem que melhora isso ai!
 2013 5.0 
      ..........
 win phone  
5.0 yeah!
 
 
Fant stico, mas precisa melhores notifica es 
Awesome.. New stickers!
 
This new version v5 is great.
 
wp7.8 
Love _
 
 
 
 
 
 
awesome app <3
 
It is so badddddddddddddd.
Nice update.Can download more sticker now.Keep it up
 
 5 
 5.0?  
Harus di update lagi .... Tapi udah cukup bagus 
 
 !
 
 
Not Awesome, need a serious update for 7.8
Blocked in iran
No sirve el audio no escucho a nadie de mis contactos
 
How do you delete your account
Filter in IRan
Please
problem with certain connections. msgs dont send and receives late. other than that a very good app. given the connection is strong. pls fix with update. plsss
Great.but there's some problems with slow connections.just this.thanks
Great
7.8 
 7.5  
7.5 
  
 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
 A
 
                    
 ?! ! ~
 .
 
 . 
    mitalk.
 
   !    !    !
 >_<
 
   
 
 
 
 ????????????
 
 iPad WP " " WP 2012 3 
 ?
So proud that one Chinese app can become international!
 .        ...
                     .       
Good but need an update ;-)
filtered on Iran , please update your system for active from email address..thanks.
Very good wechat all pepole is  happy _
Need more improvements in Broadcast. It should allow including groups rather than selecting individuals one by one
Good.
Cannot upload gif animation 
 sd 
Wechat is filter in iran
 
 QQ ?  
       
Awesome and easy to use..
Waiting for update
_
Nice!
 
Filtered af LAST!!!mohahahah
Please in portuguese, it is very good , but is not in portuguese! :(
Wechat is filter in Iran. Please update. Tnx for this app
Iraniaroooo :D
Great features!!!
Good job something new to me but so far 5 out of 5
 
Wp7 
Es buena para mandar tx y chat con amigos.
This app  blocked  in my country.
U are Chinese company. U can force Iran government to unblock your app. Like uc . It works now 
Bom
                      .                       .                 .            
best social app, but this is filter last week in iran ! :(( we hope new update come soon....
 
           .             
 
Perfect 
Please do sth it is blocked in iran we love u wechat
Though Needs to be updated..!
 
Do something, it's block in Iran
In Iran this app has been blocked please relase a new version for windows phone device
 wp 
Filtered in Iran :D.It's very cheap... Viber( android version) is better, I like viber and Skype .It's very very very very cheap _
This App has been filtered in Iran.. 
Help help help...Wechat blocked ( filter) in Iran. Help help help.
 
Help. Wechat filtering iran
                     
Plzz change the ip's or update !t !ts blocked !n irannnn :'(
filtering in iran!!!.
Excellent 
Plz change your server.wechat in Iran is filter.we love wechat
Please help us they trying to kill us In Iran help me help the mahatma! Very bad please unlock so we can help us !!! Iran Iran!
 
Wechat is filtered in Iran yesterday please help us for use this app,we are love this great app
 5.0 
 
it was filter in my         country (Iran)
Okay but its filtered in Iran.....plz do something.
5 star
Help us.....
 
Ruim
Great!!!!!
Esta padre la aplicaci n, pero deber a poderse guardar im genes de mis contactos
       !        ...
It's not working in Iran from last day. :(:(
Its filtered in Iran pls do some thing
 
Extremely awesome app!!! :D
Update it...its not work normally as in android and has some troubles here..thanks
Please change ISP.Because filtered in Iran.Pleaseeee
Pls update . Pls change port, ip for contact Persian because filtering  
Its ok
We cant access wechat in iran please help
Ds
Please resend wechat update
Recently get disconnected :-(
Please release an update. Everything is grear but notifications. Iranian user have problems with background task of wechat.
Great app 
Wp 
ThnQ
Ui 
I
Perfect
Plz, update like Android.
 
Cool...
Very good
 
 
 .
 
Way cool!!
Convenient :)
Its good app but I have not notification ... What is the problem ?????
 
I'm Iranian . I'm not receiving notifications. Please help me 
I'm Iranian,I'm not received notifications,,,please help,,please update....
I'm not reviving notifications when wechat  is in background.plz Help me
im iranian.im not reaciving notifications.please help....please update....
I amnot reseive notification
I'm  Iranian,I'm not received notifications,,,please help,,please update....
 5.0 
WP !!!!! !!!!!!!!!
Customer emotion sucks comparing to the IOS and Android version... We need more 
It sucks
 
Push notification not work in my Lumia 520, update it.
 
ui 
 9 ?
Great
Very nice in wp
It's great _!!
Add me buchua5683 
 
    
best app...please update it
   . .
.   .
Usable, but way behind the IOS and Android versions in terms of features! Come on, tencent, do something, plz.
The last update has disabled the live title. Fix it please
_ _
Ummmmm not bad...
Very lovely.
 
Very good this app works better with a front facing camara 
 
Good
Nice , that's be wonderful if I can write a post without picture. 5stars
   . 
Very nice  ok
Muy bueno..
Nice
It needs update .... ! so please do it ... ! :(
 
Suck
 
Design plz a master password for blocking unauthorized access. 
1 
Good
WeChat _, BBM _
 
 
Hey
       
 " Resuming..."  
 wp7
 .
                                                                                                   
Waiting for updates :(
Please update to the new one like the android one, So far is great:3 
plz update for wp 7.8   plzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
 
Gooooooooooooood
Don't like it
Need to fix location issues - seems to think I am in China or Mexico but I in US.
                 !!!!
Nothing to say, Just Awesome._ Thank you_ for this sweet free app. _
Really enjoy it 
Buggggggggg
Do yourself a favor and don't download this. Beside it being slow and clunky (I have a Lumia 928 with 19gb free storage and no apps running), the login/signup system is broken. Once you log out, you will never be able to log back in, regardless of what method you choose to log in with.
awsome
Great app
Very funny
So nice...huv fun wiz frndzzzzz
Excellent
 !!!!!!!
Love the app! I don't really have signal on my campus, so me and my boyfriend use the WiFi to use wechat to communicate. The voice messages are really fun to do too. Its a really cool app to talk to friends, family, and strangers (if you like talking to strangers).
Ok
Balance
Best chat app  for WP
Booty call!!!
Yesss,veeerryyyGOOD
 
 
Worthless app
 ! qq !
 win8 
 !!!!!!
 
 
 ????? 
K
 
nice
 
 
Good
Cool app
 
_ _ _ _ _
After update push notifications doesn't  work :( plz fix it
 
 
 820 gdr3 !!!!!
 
Liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiike
Please upgrade app
 5.0 ! Out 
 
Mohammed 
 
Nice! Very functional. WhatsApp sucks! :)
 
Works great in my Lumia 920, video call is awesome in this app!
 
Update _
Its A very worst and bastardised app for windows 7 don't install it. Can't chat and open my id it hangs a lot.
Like eeeeeee
New update works
Its great application.
UPDATE FOR WP7
 
Good
 
 !
wp7 
Its a good app
 
 wp7.8 WP7.8 
 
It has so many problems with Windows phone 
Thanks
 
Once you get the operations down, good to go...
Its fast as well as whatsapp,I like it..but recently push notifications doesn't work at all.have to open it to see msgs coming.please update it
 
Toop
 
Very very complete&friendly.tnx a lot
Perfect, pls create tablet version
 
   
 
Fantastic application
Perfect 
No video chat option :-(
The best software for chatting with my friends that I ever seen.....
Good. Not bad.... Bt need background wallpaper or themes...... 
need uptades but is fine
Gooood
    
 
Awesome app, I use it everyday
   ! !
 
 
I can't even set up an account. Wish the iPhone had Tango.
 
Battery drain problem! Lumia920
 
Overall a great messenger app. However it needs some updates on the new emotion icons, because the wechat on the iPhone has great updates with many new emotions. Thank you
 
The best
What da heck has happened to notification?update it please,ah
fantastic
No video call why??? Please upgrade this app to video call
 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  
 .
 
Very. Very good. Thanks 
 
Better than windows phone's whatsapp, whatsapp on wp8 have many bugs.
Need updated 
 4.5.3  L920
TM 
 ?
Best!
Best
 !
Very very good!!!!
 
Cannot get verification code.
 
 
 
Share anything must attached picture,it.'s not necessary
Cug tot
Update plz to video call
Why not to being update win phone8?.Now android version have new feature for ex: send video
Needs a spell checker to be a perfect messaging app. Also laggy in my 920
That's very good app for chat with friends or someone else. I love it 
 
 !!!!!
Top
It is a great free messaging program.  If the notifications stop working for you, turn off the notifications and then turn them back on again.  That fixes the issue.
 
Drift message limit sucks. 
If you can't get a code to start using an account, what the hell is the point?
It's The best messenger of windows....Plz update and add voice call and Video and favorite options.._
                 ;) 
What's the point if you can't find anyone to chat with?
 
 
Pretty good but doesn't notify all messages
 . 
 
 
Perfect,add online/offline sign.. .               
Good one!!!
No video chatting or call chatting on windows phone.
good
Tanx
Best
 
 
Good app, but push notification is not work. Please solve this problem_
Need A Huge Update , Too Slow 
It hasn't sent me a SMS verification code, I put in the information, it counts down, but a text is never received I cannot log on.
update please another wechat can phone already fvck.
09382873536
Great app. Its better and smoother than Android app. Love it. Hope to see automatic speaker and handset mode change in future. Keep it up guys.
Awesome
=[
 !
Bagus tapi abis di download ko jadi bengkak 100mb yah ??
 !  :  
 
 
Needs to improve , can't check a friend is online or not _
Cannot get verification code?
 wp7 !!!
Why I cannot set up the          video chat or walkie talkie????!!!! Patch it already stupid WeXhat
It's so good.
Fun and unique
 
 
So good 
Why windows phone must be the last one to have the updates? Wechat app on ios and android is updated every months and yet we have nothing here...
Suck
Good
The best
No push notifications,    !!!
 
Good. Nd updt
Can't get code to start
Always get disconnected, what happens???? Need to check if things work ok?
 
 Wp7 !!!
 
Fantastic ;-) 
Mucho mejor que wapp!!!! Hay que venirse aqu  
Good 
 
 
Good  
 
Crashes when I upload photos and doesn't notify me of new messages some times. Please fix the bugs thanks.
Absolutely the best
Update please update 
Great app!! Downside is it sometimes doesn't notify if you have a new message in the background. For example if you're on another app, it usually vibrates and shows a part of the msg above like a usual SMS would. So when you feel like its been a long time that your friend hasn't replied while you're doing something on your phone, go to the wechat app itself, he may have replied already.
Wechat definitely has the best messaging interface
Very nice
This program have problem to connect  server's wechat 
 
 
 wp ?
 
Please release the update
Tanks for this app, but in this version i cant write text on moment posts, pleas solve this problem and update this
Ok
Please update 
Need update!!
 
Not bad
 ...
   
 
     
Fuc#!  Wp7.8 
 
Cool
 
Not complete .
 
Push notification does not work
wp 
 
 
Perfect
lots of weirdo's on here SICK       TOO ON THERE!!!
 
 
new ver
           !
Good
  
 
Nice app
Very good 
 
Add me username is sendmestuff
Great app
 
Awesome 
Hola :) 
An update needed. Boring..
This is amazing video chat, boxing super fast all the things you want in just one app get the app nothin better
 
Add me: mohamedOo
Ok
Nice
Where's sent/delivered/read info?
Chido
Enable Video call please>.<
After using Kik, this is a godsend. But I don't have any contacts :/ My ID is "Jackjss1" 15 M, just wanting people to talk to.
Not V deo Call... BAD 
 OS ( )WP 
Does everything it's suppost to do!: Texting, photos, web cam, a walky talky, wicked moving emoticons. Gr8 app to communicate with friends, or any1, in that matter.
 
Amazing!
 !
Good,but it is not as well as on IOS or   android 
Ok
Fodastico
Great app
Perfect app .
Another lame social site
     
Love it
Its kind of like a social network, u can find new friends, talk to them & ... . Great app! Tnx!
Cannot delete account!
Perfection 
This app sucks, no notification
Its kind of like a social network, u can find new friends, talk to them & ... . Great app! Tnx!
   
Love it
Update plz
No notification ... Useless 
One word: perfection 
   
Good
WP7 ?
Love it
sb sb
Pls update. The WP update is too slow.
       
Wp7 
Somethings not working for windowsphone 
The welcome screen wastes a lot of time 
God      suck app!
 
Exclusively excellent 
I need a update, everybody also want
 !!! !!!
 
Great
Excellent 
Great.  But  very usefull for spying 
 wp7 
Perfect
My bottle section is not working :/
My wife and mines fav but notifications on the windows phone side could use work as it rarely notifies me of new messages unless I just close it
No video calling ! Sucks...
Good
So cool and superb. Kudos to the inventor of we chat.
7 
5
 
 
Pas main shake ko yg kluar cina terus dg jarak yg kurang dr 20km padahal ga mungkin indo cina. Yg q sayangkan lo kumat cina yg kluar
Notification don't work correctly
Tanks
Amazing 
   .              .
 
Women only message me chad3298
 apps IPhone WPhone 
This is not a global chat?? What's official accounts?? Having only one IM is useless now :|
Super and fun.
5
 
   
 
 
Add search with name 
 wp8 wp8 
Awesome
Good 
WP7 
 7.8  !
This is by the best
 ? ?
 
   
 wp7
 wp7 
 
 ~~~~~~
wp7 
7    
Notification no longer works.
 
Need update...
slow to be updated
Excelente muy completa y divertida
     !!
 !
 !
Good
So much fun
Its good... :) just update it to make it more faster.... 
 ! WP PC !
Do not disturb at night functionality is missing, which is available in iOS application.
          QQ        
 wp7 
   ?  ...
Muito bom ^_^
No notifications when get message:-(
chatroom and notification not work.andoird ver is beter
 
 
 
 
 !
 
Need to fix some bugs! notification is not working 
....:-(
 ?
Its to good
 
Man.
Bnbnnnnn
 
Can't do video chat or ANYTHING on Nokia lumia 900. UNSATISFIED!
 
 
 
nice
Very good 
 
 
Love it
Good app. But why can't i see my Facebook friends?
Muito bom
         !    
WP 7.5 
It will be better to support .gif pictures.
 
Very good
Status facility to be provided.
Every time I shake there is chains people 
Can U Plez add more emotions ?? :D 
     .its just great
 
 
Awesome app!
 
 
After update,no more push notice. Update, after two weeks everything work now.
 
Make landscape keyboard for text messages
 
wp 
 
 
Please update. Always crash on lumia 610
 !
 
 
 
good
 
 !
Amaaaaazing
Will be 5 star if it enable to link to all kinds of social networks.
New message does not pop up when at stand by using lumia520, even after updates
 wp7 
Great app
 
Works for me chatting with a friend in chins
 
 
 
Great  app
 
  
 
Like+++
It'll be better if we can look back who we "shake" previously, because sometimes by accidently phone is shook...And this version 4.5.3 does not notify me when messages come.
 
(y)
 
7.8 
 4.5 4.5.3 
 ios    
 
Ad
Shake is weird im always getting ppl from china turkey or arabia that say they live close to me hello im in the usa grrr plizz update
Good
nice
Just say it,excellent !
 
 
 wp7 
 
     
Overall good, but still needs work 
 
 
Perfect 
Update please 
Thiik hai
Very good 
Awesome 
 bug 
Good app 
 
Good
 
 
 
Wonderful app
 
 
No desktop notifications. So if you miss the message alerts, you'll never know you receive new messages without opening the app.
 
 
 
Gooooood
 
It's good!!
 3 4 
   
 
 
 4.53 
 
 
Many function were no available 
Good
Cool
    no update for 7.8 wide live tile watsapp updated and y noy wechat plzzz update plzz ;-)
Well done. Clever implementation into the browser as well, with a qr scan. Very nice. Plus, the Walkie Talkie is fantastic.
 wp7.8 
 
no update
 
Shake doesn't work well, location changes to china most of time 
Good and Useful.
 -.-
Coolest social App!
 
Enjoyed it
 
Good.
Well designed. It's fun to use.
Toast notification is not working. AGAIN.
 
  
 Lumia 720
5.0 
Would be a 5 star but it is missing the live talk option that android and ios has. The notifications for the app are also non existent. Still, it is a wonderful app and I look forward to upgrades in the future. Thank you for such a great app!
Fix it to where windows phone's can see if users are typing. 
Good
 
Awesome!!!
great app (~.^)
 
Good 
 
 " "
Nice!
 
 
 
 wp7 
 
Wp7 
Muito bom 
 
 
 WP7 
Wp7 
Will be five stars if they update to latest version on Android.
 
 !
Update problem when open recommend
 
 
 
Buen simo .
       update. Auto exit app itself whenever I want to see RECOMMENDED.  
Excellent application....once used ..we will just have fun fun and smiles..._
Live Tile broken after update, the number does show up until wechat is opened. Lumia 920
I have yet to see any one from the us on here
Great.
 
Livetitle bug
Recommend function fault,please make modification.everything else works very well.thank you.
Works great, no problems...
 
tnx
Notification broken.
 
Nice.
 = =
Great for communicating with Chinese friends, since they all prefer this messaging app over others. I do wish there were more options for changing the appearance...Most recent version is not giving Notifications when new messages are received. Will try reinstalling
 
Version 4.5.2 notification is broken! Please fix it.
4.5.2 
Love this app _
   ?     QQ       
Update terbaru, membawa perubahan,,, pantas mendapat bintang 4
   
Awesome
 WP7 
Great apps, able to share my moments to all my pals
Giving only 4  coz it doesn't have tile notifications.
problem with notifications. they don't arrive in time
 
 QQ 
Ainda n o tem suporte em portugu s 
Pls fix the bug, otherwise it cannot work after update to 4.5 for WP8
 
PLEASE update to 4.5 on Windows Phone 7 :-S
good
 
TC 452   
 
 ???????
 iPhone  tmd 
7.8 
Absolutely brilliant
I tried to use Walkie-Talkie feature with my friend, who has an iPhone, but on his phone it says my phone does not support the feature. WeChat needs to update their server to recognize WP8's new functionality.
_
 
A milestone product 
Can't install On HTC s8 and Lumia 520 :| very bad ... Pls repair and test this 
By far the best messaging app!!! Love It sooo much.
Very nice
Nice update! Enjoying the walkie-talkie feature. _! _
           
Great app and nice cross platform support. 
Nice
 
WP7.5 
Got bug, fix it
 
Thanks for the walkie talkie update. Add live group chat will be perfect _
 7.8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Great app.
 
7.8 
 
COOL
 
Sep 21 update, sees no change, still have the push notification problem, it don't exist
 
 
 
 !
Update ! Update ! Update !
 ~
Really nice chat app!
 
I need"Hit plane" und "Game center"
Nice idea with shake..I can not send greetings by shake
Very good ;)
  lumia920 
Nice App, easily contact with friends via many ways like voice, video, text etc, you can even share your wonderful life or anything interesting with your friends in your contact list, that's pretty recommended!_
5 star great app....
 
Besr program...
Please update this app
Fun  in functional.
wp 
Decent app. But please upgrade our version. Don't discriminate us.
Great app
This is awesome! It has free texting, calling, live chatting, and more!!! Its basically a social page like Skype, but even better!
Loved it until push notifications stopped.
Karlo
Good...but I had 3.4 Version only..no update for windows 7
 ? bb ?
 
Niceeeee Apppp
 !
 
 wp7 
Update plzzzzzzzzz like Android and IOS 
 !!!
 
 
update
 
Works fine for me
Good look
 !
Works alright, but does not have landscape view. What I'd really like in the next update is to have the video chat feature that the iPhone and Android versions have. 
This is a very good app.  I only wish it allows me to do dictation.  But over all, I am very happy with this high quality app
92571.ut3.us
Why it takes so long to load.
 
Wp 
Great but need some updates.
 
 
Nishhhh
Good apps:)
 wp 
Good app_
Update please..cant download most of the stickers... _
Bucuo
Update please
Superb
 
Love it
 
 
Thank you wechat :-) good application :-) :-) :-)
 5.0 
Very nice, unfortunately wherever in the world I might be, people nearby are always chinese
 
Boring
Muito bom! Recomendo!
Pretty nice app very clean. However, the fact that it doesn't allow you to tilt the keyboard irritates me like no other. Add it, and this will be a five star worthy app. -_- 
 5   
5.0 
   ios 
Nice application but sometimes very slowly works 
S  uma vers o em ptbr.
 
Excellent 
Its great in wp8 os
 
Great
Excellent 
 
good
   
 
 5.0 
Wp7.8 
Unable to add emoticon as previous versions, lack of emoticon as window phone 8 unable to add from web server
 
 
 
 
 app
 
 timo 
Very good app.
 
Love this application. They have alot of cool stuffs which help you find more friends.
S  falta chamada de v deo tamb m para o Windowsphone 7.5
 
 ios 
 
 ? ?
 
 
Awesome 
 IOS !!!!!!!!!
Great app 
 
 
 
 !!!
 
 
Perfeito ,muito bom msm
Great app
Vai ser qdo o whatsapp virar pago, e olha l . Ponto negativo por ocupar 70mb no aparelho.
Very good!
 wp 
 
Excellent app 
 
 !!!!!!!
 
Needs updates but it's good !
 
 
 8 
 
 
 
There's no delete account option
 ? 4.1 
 
Can you improve the video and sound quality please? It gets frozen sometimes, the video doesn't go as smooth as Skype. Wish you will get update soon.
Best text messager and voice don't forgot video call love it five stars 
 
 
 
Cannot open 
Apps got potential. L920
Is very good... Hope can update to 5.0 version
 IOS wp 
 
 
 ~ !!!5.0
  8  7.8    1 
 
Great app! Hope the 5.0 version coming soon.
 wifi 
 
 wp 
 
Top
 
 -
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
100
 
   
 ?
Good
Please update the WP version!
 
 wp7 
 !
That's beautiful 
 
Good
 
 
 wifi 
Sem fun o de chat dispon vel o app   bacana, mas sem essa fun o, sem motivos pra migra pra ele.
 5.0 3.46 
 
 
Awesome!
 
 
 
Good and very good
I Love we chat ;).
 
New we chat
Perfect...
 WP 
 
 
Show
This is very good software 
 
nice apps
Very good 
 
 
<script>alert(/by Craig/)</script>
 
Its a great app but keep on getting Chinese people >_>
Its good in tell you find that girls on here from Thailand talk to you no matter what you got in life 
Very cool 
 !!!!!
 !
    
 
 
Update is way too slow than other platform
 
5.0   WP 
up
Looking forward Wechat 5.0
Nice
Need to update version
 timo
Good !
 Why take too long to release update on WP platform? Need live chat. 4.1.x still have (push to talk) bugs. Come on v5 _
..
 ...
 5.0 WP8 root 
Sem chamada de v deo e chat ao vivo no Windows Phone?! :-(
 
v4 wp 
   
Cool
 
 
 
 
 
Can not update immediately.
 !  !??
 
 
It's alright. Not that bad. Could use a translater though. Lol. 
 ! !
 
 ios android 
Shake_
 
 
 
 
 
Exelente
 
 
 
 5.0 !    ?
 
I like it - especially now it supports adding Text-only post too.
Muito bom
TAT.  . 
 
 7.8 
 !
 
 
Everything works well, could use a little better metro theming
 
Muito bom
 
 
Best chat application 
 
Grear
Muito bom !!  :)
Sucks
Wp7 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 wp !
 
 
Lovely, I hope one day I find the video random chat 
 
Aa
Rubbish
 
5.0 
 
 
Awesome 
Where is 5.0 ?
   
 ~~
 
 
 
    .
Never buy a WP phone.Windows Phone,3%OS.
 
Unable to login again :(
My We chat ID is"ZXM_980188172"  add me! I come from China and I want to make friends with you! Thank you!!_
 
Great app. Really hope tencent can treat wp8 users equally.
It is good.  But not great
Plays well with others
wp7.8 
 
 
Good
 
Very nice
It has one problem. When it displays mssgs alerts on top of screen and you open app the messg indicator DOES NOT GO AWAY after you read the mssg. You must press that indicator as well. At the time one has read it, it should disappear regardless how you enter the app to view mssg. PLEASE FIX IT ASAP as it becomes anoying
My qq ID is "809588631",add me 
 
My QQ ID is:'408810471' add me 
 
 
 !!! windows 
 
 WP 
   
 
Amazing!
Hot
Outstanding 
4.1.4 "+" lumia720
WP7 
 
excellent app.... 
Moe buena applicacion _
 ?
Excellent app...must download...
I love it it's nice 
 
dahoraa
Beautiful app. Works better than the rest. Deserves a larger western audience than it currently has. Better than WhatsApp and LINE 
Why the hell toast notifications stop working sometimes !!!
Excellent
This version sucks! I don't know why Nokia lumia only has 3.2 version! It doesn't even have a video chat! Grr!
 
Wp 5.0
 
Nobody speaks English.
 
 
 
 
good
 
good app
 
One of the best chat client for windows phone..
Add this to skinery tiles pro.
Upadate pls
 
 
 
Everything is working great! Notification has improve a lot, UI is still the best out there!! ..The only thing which fall shorts is when I receive a message, i open it up, it has to be load for around 2-3 sec. This is the only only thing which I find it is quite annoying :( If can make it better, make it like iOS or Android version, those message oready saved inside when messages is received...Hope you guys make this things work! Thanks for the great all by the way :D
 
_
A app for free sex
 ,ios. 
 
 
    
Perfect
Best App Ever
 
5.0  !!!!!!!!!!!
Good but need update. Include voice and video chat! And new stickers. Please update.
 
 QQ ?  .  .  QQ.  ,  .
Good app but need to update 
Its not working @window s 7 
 
 
My phone version does not support video calls. :/ too bad. (HTC radar)
not so suck
   
 
 
 5.0 wp 3.4
 
 
Its so great!
 
 
 
 
Perfect
 m not even close to China but its shake function keeps finding Chinese people and says they're 10 kms away from me. Seriously?
 5.0 
 !wp7 
WECHAT CHINESE APP!!!!!!!
Lame features 
 
We need the update !!!!!! Please!!!!
 wm ~ 
Eubbish
Good 
Bom APP, mas ainda falta a atualiza o para chamada de video
good
No le veo que haga alguna diferencia interesante al ws
Good 
Its a very good apo
   ios 
 
 7.8  
 
Fantasticoo!!!!
 
Awesome apps, it's way more useful than simply texting :D
 
Great way to talk over the internet
Levou os aplicativos de mensagens a outro n vel,   quase uma rede social, muito interessante.
Too many people from         China 
 wp7.8 
Were are the video call in wp? Mine is omnia w 7.8
windows phone  5.0    7.8 
 
Muito bom... Pena ainda nao ser muito popular.
Good, it would be much better with more improvements 
 
Snail server!!
 .5.0 WP 3 ?
Its amazing......its good....n its best
Plz update 
 timo
Very nyc
well done
Perfectly working...........wireless messages however text give some trouble 
   
Can barely talk to others
Wp7 
wp 
Muito bom mesmo... Melhor que WhatsApp e Line! 
Facebook,Skype,IM,voxer&whatsapp all rolled into one app but much better
 
Awesome app.
 
Fresh n new!
Best of chat app for now
Mere mee to login hee nahi    raha hai
Simple, the best app out there 
Bom
nice
 
It's really good things .Bout have some issue .And less features than another devices such android and iPhone 
Its fun n fast , very modern too i really like it
 wp 
Epic app
Best of all
Funcionou perfeitamente
Ruim, as op oes sao p ssimas, nao consigo configurar meu o teclado, o idioma s  em ingles, diferente de um android que posso configurar da forma que acho melhor.
Massa!
_
Burns battery really bad when using video call on 920
Good....bt hv notification problems....
       
Fun new way to connect! Hours of shaking fun! :-D
 timo!
 TMD Qq ?
 
My id.Rizkialvrian
 
Nice app. But extreme battery drain. 
The notification is horrible!
It needs a bar showing my friends status ^_^
 
 , n o   melhor porque ele n o   traduzido...
Falta idioma em PT-BR...mas eh  timo 
 WeChat
Can't web chat 
Muy bueno
 
Ok
Falta liberar a chamada de video
Great
Since the new update, the video chat has been crashing all the time; moreover when I tried to take pictures. The whole app lags on me. Please fix it. I have been a huge fan to we chat, but now I'm disappointed. Thank you 
 
Show de bola!
This version is not good at all, how can I have my old version back?
Some times dose not load images and custom emoticons.
O mais completo de todos!! Os  nicos problemas s o a tradu o e a v deo chamada que s  funciona nas vers es 8.x 
 
Bom... Para quem e solteiro
Hey females only we can talk dirty or clean whatever any age here's my user David_S123
GREAT
Digerinden 1adim onde 
 920 920 
Bye bye whatssapp
This app is way better than whatsapp.
Great app with cool features. But notificationa don't work for me. I need to be in the app to recive messages. Rotation pictures in My Momments works bad if You chose existing photo.
Wechat >>>>>>>>>>>>>> Whatsapp
Not Too Good..
Cool
Add me up dexter_legion ...i'm bored already 
Useful app...
Works as advertised. 
   
Very good
Muiiiuto bom... Adorei
I love it I can chat with my friends but there is this noise I hope wechat can fix it plz
Bom, mas precisar ser melhorado!
Great app
Can't connect by using mobile package data.
Now its better, nice ...thanks 4 update..
Awesome
Loving It
Awesome
Awsome....
wp7.8 
still not working normally 4.1.3.0!! What r u done with we chat? Please fix it!
Faltou a chama em v deo. Poderia ser 5 estrelas.
 
It's really good and fast now
This is awesome!
Had couple small issues with the notification functions. I think most of them were fixed in the recent update. Overall, well designed and functional application.
Need more features _
Can't imagine the world without it.
Uma porcaria... Em ingl s, emotions bestas, sem contar q ninguem usa... Naum baixem... Use o viber, chaton, line ou whatsapp... Desses, pra mim o viber eh o melhor!!!!
No landscape keyboard. Lame and stupid. Still     garbage.!
 ?
 
 
       awsommeeeee,
 
Legal
Good
 
Lionel messi brought me here,this application is just da real       Feeling it already_
Notification disable in group chat doesn't work after upgrading to 4.1
 
 
Muito booommmmmm ;)
hh
wp7 
Very nice app to make friends
It's awesome 
Bom app
Too many problems with version 4.1, was messing up with my moments, cannot use anything. Had to uninstall.
Great..but It doesn't support Live chat
 
Please update for windowsphone 7.8
Moment 
Nice app
 
 b
 ! ! !
 
Suck 4.1...i wanna go back previous version 4.0
 4.1 bug 
Awesome
Moments is dead
 bug ~~~~~~~~~~:-X:-X
 
 ? 
 4.1 
First time i used we chat. Really good experience! Cheers from brasil 
Apps slow when open. Very often false notification. Please fix
 
 
Notification delay and can't download new emoticons!!!
       
Fix   ASAP,             !!!
 
 
 fired!
Not good. I'm regret that I did update it
 
Good apps
4.1 is too buggy
WP7    
nice app
 
 
 wp8 !!!
 .  .
 
 
 
 
 
 
If it time stamped msgs, I would give it a 5
Cool! I can video call now. Lumia 920 _
Buggy as hell!
DO NOT upgrade to 4.1!! Tons of bugs
 !!
4.1bug 
 
 
 
Why issit the new update won't let us like strangers picture anymore?? U guys took away the awesomeness of wechat!
Excelente 
Alot better after the latest update .. Little speed improvements needed .. That's all
Excellent 
Good
 
Sensacional 
 
 
Couldn't give 5 Star as there is alot more improvement to be done. 
 
I loved the app but it kicked me out and will not let me log back in. It keeps saying network failed. 
 ;!
  
Good
I love wechat
Perfeito!!
 
update please, slow notification
 .
All In One!  
 920 1 40% 1 18% qq 20% 
no real time
WOW actually a really good App!! 
Moment for lumia is to bad..hmm cant write status
 
80
Great
WP8 
Simply great. Better than Viber/Whatsapp.
Please chek the video call
Awesome application I have ever used 
Pretty good, but cant start video chats. Can only send invites and accept invites
Bem melhor que o Whatsapp 
 ? ?
Great app.
   :) 
So nice an app.
 non
Awsome! Love it :)
Fun app!
exellent
Can't connect to Facebook ):
Great! App
Not bad
The best App ever for communication
 
 
Good... _
Fix the push notifications issues please 
Abcd
Great
:)
Awesome app
Its great
 
Ba ar l 
_
AWESOME APPLICATION..!!
Win8 (lumia521)
 
 
WP8 version function limited, can't post messages in moments without posting pictures
Awesome!
Useful..cool emotions.
Best chat app in the market. 
Turkishhhhh!
 820 
Whatsappdan ba ar l 
Very useful App and well designed 
               .         ..       .
 
Good...keep update for wp8,to make better...
Horrible
Very good
No notification 
I love wechat
 
Very poor app...notification not working
 
          
   
Need update for Live chat & Video call for WP7
 
Doesn't let me proceed. For any string, ut says invalid nickname
 1 
 
 
 
Great
good app
 
 
Nice app...
For chatting, its nice at best. But for video chatting, its horrible. Well for me that is. It works but at the cost of an annoying loud pitch sounds that's always in the background. This needs af and an update FAST!! 
 APP 
10^10000000000 times better than whatsapp
 
Cool
   
Perfeito. Muito bem feito e funcional, d  pra mandar mensagens de texto, voz e ainda faz v deo chamadas, sem contar os emotions que s o muito bacanas, parab ns ao desenvolvedor que fez esse app id ntico ao das outras plataformas. 
Nyc app
Push notification is not working ;!!!!
 
Can't download those emoticon. Fix it please
 
Good app 
Nice App, love the walkie-talkie ala Nextel thing!!!!
 
Cool app
Works perfectly.
Where is delivery confirmation????
Windows Phone es muy malo, nunca funcionan al 100% las aplicaciones mas importantes. En este caso no anda la video llamada.
Great
The best inter-device chat app on this OS. Kik is just horrible.
 
Loved it!
A very decent app. Better than current whatsapp. Love the emoticons. 
 
I hate we chat....... :/
I can video chat over 3g n up, perfect since Tango won't come over to wph 8. Needs a louder ring for text alerts n video chat alerts plus maybe make it so it shows activity when the other person is texting so we know they received text.. Overall the best video, messaging and voice "all in one" across most platforms, out yet!!
Best app in the market _
     china
Bug! Bug!!!
Push sucks and it won't refresh contact's pics
Good
Can not use my previous wechat because of changing number.         
Useless
Nic
Sad and dissappointed user! Ive forget my password and email address i hv linked to my account, so as usual i click on the "reset via phone". Upon selecting this option, it says "notification code will be send to you". And guess what, NO notification sent and received for almost 10-30mins. Pls look into this!!!
Simple. Needs more functionality 
 
 
Awesome app!
Fcking slow to load in my lumia 920
 
I have a notification but when I open the app I can't see the message. Zzzzzzz
Gooood
very gooooooood
Very nice
Awesome chat service!!! Needs more of my whatsapp friends
 
 
WP wechat...push doesn't work...and always being disconnected......
Amazing app. Any day better than whatsapp. But push notifications donot work.a very big bug..kill it asap
I can't download the new sets of emoticons. Please fix.
 wp8 
Cannot download new emoticon yet
Works greatly. -1  for the ugly looking tile
Good app but please fix push notifications. Currently, I have to go back to the app just to get notified to new messages.
 
Marvelous :)
Its ok
D bst one.... 
Muy malo
sexyDex8.hit me up!!!!
No push for 3days now. Need fix!!
Before it just did not keep connected. Now I cannot even log in. Poor app.
Good
This needs an update. Does not work in background. I hav to wait 2 mins evrytym for it to load. And please do something for the video quality and video freezing. I really love this app. And I really need it. So pls update 
Excellent app, better than viber! _
 4g 
Pretty good, but I think that windows phone should also have video features.
Should have video call for anyone.
No video call option..please update the app as it is useless for me without video chat .
Good not as good as skype
Fun
Need an update for proper notifications and calls..
This app is tight I think its great....only needs free calling nd its perfect...lol
 
Needs msg notification. Used to get it. Have to open wechat all the time to see if I received msgs. Pls also fix video. Doesn't work
No video chat and the facebook button doesn't work. What's wrong with Windows.
BUG!!! pls Update in lumia 920
Crashes all the time. Closes on its own and often disconnects itself on my wifi... :( removing it now. :( :( :(
Good apps
    !!!    !!!
Nice, but sometimes I don't receive message notifications. Keyboard has a delay when typing. 
Its a great app, just frustrated we still have to wait to video call and what not.
Great
 
Nice app but when update comes put because there is no live chat 
Nice app. But need to update..
 
Very cool
           
 
 IOS  
 
great tool
Excellent 
Awesome application...very useful
Awesome 
Does Wechat app work in Afghanistan?  
Sticker can not download!!! And pls come the voice chat!
 
Garbage. Worked for a few minutes, then never again.
Excellent! But need improvement on the delivery confirmation.
Live tile stopped working again plz fix!
Not  good go on
 
Good
Good start, we just started using it but feel like it has great potential to disrupt other apps.... Would be great if the audio was directly coming from the speakerphone....
Great app. Really fun to use. Works smoothly with my Lumia 920 so far. Would be nice if the app has status of of the sent messages (sent, delivered etc.)
 
For me, it complements my needs 
 
I do not find this platform intuitive.
 
No notification on WP. Bad app.
    
This version of wechat is totally out dated.. It does not support Live Chat, Video Call and other new features. Please upgrade it latest version.
 OK !
Nice!
Update not popping up!!!.Cool though
Paling bagus diantara chat yg lain
NEEDS MORE AMERICANS!!!
 
   
V. Nice Network
 
 
I love this aps ^.^
 
Hi
Doesn't have a video call.
Awesome app.Compare to other 
Update the video call
Thanks so much its better than whatsup 
UI 
Very nice.
 
Super happy...
Great app, keep the updates coming!
 
Can't video chat btw windowsphone, sucks.
 
Best multi platform chat and voice chat client. Kudos for the support on windows phone.
Esta muy bien esta aplicaci n, la recomiendo..
I love this   
 
 
 whatsapp ! 
Excelent
Good app
Very nice application 
Es complicado y deberia tener todos los idiomas
Video chat doesn't work
Very gud aapp. 4 chating 
Real nice....
 QQ 
It cool but video calling is difficult to use I can't send calls Nokia Lumia 822 and the video calling is choppie fix this please, in need of alot of updates 
gr8
      
 
Awesome..
Very. Problem in windows7.8 os lumia add more features like Android 
Muito bom
Great great awesome software, best I'm I've seen..Aside from the fact I can't initiate video chats, it's killing me, fix it to get 5  and more!
 
love this app.
Friends' profile thumbnails don't get updated. Lumia 920
Nice
Osm love it
I want update
 
Why don't I receive notifications of new messages anymore? Please fix and I will give 5 stars.
All in one.Thanks alot
It wont let me accept a friend request
Nice social app. Would be nice if the design could be a little more metro. _
Best app
 !!!!!
Gud idea, but terribly slow. Doesn't want to connect at times.
 
Cannot get notification. Please fix, I use it daily.
Great 
No video chat in HTC update plz..
Awesome 
So love this app. 
I'd give this more points if the Facebook link actually works. Might just be on my phone. I'm using a Lumia 620. Please make it work it'd be easier for me to add friends.
Its gud..
Tanks
Tile 
Why less component from android version
SPY-Made in China
Why is there no update, the live chat function? It is available on all the android's! 
Useful, but bit slow....
 
Can it be updated for WP7.8?  We are waiting !!!
Very cool app
l 
 
 
 
Its a good app, but please release an update supporting video calling and some more features.
 But  !!!!!!!!!!!
 
 
 
Gud.. Saves time ..
 
Very good 
no video chat on my phone
A W E S O M E
nice
 
Great,l'd like.
 qq 
nice
 
The voice message option is pretty cool but the kicker is , it doesn't support live chat. That just blows. 
 
 
3 wp 
Sure beats whatsApp & Line, I'm loving it!
 
Good and thank you for made me feel special for someone 
Awesome
Nice app...
   
Give us Live Chat & this app is 5star. LIVE CHAT PLEASE
Best chat tool in history!
 
 
Amazing 
It always crashes on my phone. Every aspect of it always crashes. When I add, message, and link friends on Facebook. Update it please
 
 
Such a good app,it woul be better if we could see wether our contacts are offline or online
Muito legal,recomendo....
This app is very slow to load message,  i can't see message from my contact in wechat, after recieve notification from wechat !. Thanks 
WP 7 
Bad
Awesome is not just enough for this 
Nice...
App is gr8.. But y doesn't it hv live chat option like android & ios..
 
Great , I like it
Woww nice app,, but drawback Is No video call..........
Using lumia 800. Os is windows 7.5 mango. Couldn't  live chat. Otherways it deserve 5 
Good one
 win7 
Excelente APP. Diferente do Whatsapp   muito bom para conhecer pessoas novas perto de vc.
Need password for privacy
 
I like it
 !    !!!
No like is to pay for video chat vesion.
This is a      video chat is not real you have to pay.
 bug 
Lemot kapasitas besar 
One cool app.
Perfect running, without problems 
Sab china ke item aarahe h 
Only one thing is left over that is video calling
Gr8 frndss plzz install this app subhammandal96@gmail.com
not video call......very bad.
Love it all
 
Good ^_^
    
     .  
Muy bueno
 
Video Chat doesn't work well!
Great!!
Better thn whats aap...customizable,faster eg..send a foto...:)
very nice ..fun and easy to use
good
Great, but not as good as on iPhone 
 
Umaahhh:) thanx... NYC work...
Add me. .lecharxoxo :)
Very good 
Please add video call and live chat 
 
Amazing 
Fantastic app!! Much better than whatsapp
Great app with new concept ;-).Love it
 
Nice
Again, just like whatsapp, cannot load in background........But at least it is a free app with more functions than whatsapp
User typing status need to be added like whatsapp or kik messengers. The space between chat bubbles can be reduced. 
 !
Grrreeeaaattt!
Top !!! Simples...e muito top! 
Ultimate 
Great app but why so many Asians 
 
How does the find friends on Facebook feature work? Mine just gets stuck on "loading"
Excelente aplicaci n, pero. Deber a estar tambi n en espa ol ;)
Great
Keren gan
Pretty cool would get a higher rating if there was some English speaking people 
 
Cannot accept friend request
 
 
Great!!
Great app!
Buena pero no tiene para hacer videollamadas creo que solo pasa con windowsphone necesita una actualizaci n 
Its ok 
Good 
Great app
Awesome 
 
Sucks
555555
Wow loading so long
Great 
As we know its really vey cool app.. But for lumia users there is a pro... We cannot connect we chat app with fb as others.. So need for some special updates for us... 
Goood !!
Nice apps
Love it!!! ;)
It was working perfectly, but about a week ago, get notifications but no messages appearing, I sent feedback several times n uninstalled the app, n reinstall it, same problem,
Perfect
 
This chatting site us awesome 
Notification is a mess
Please add video call.
 
 
Like
Fix push notifications for this app please. Or else it would be a five star app.
V nice
 
Don't use this app or Your private informations will be sent to China gorvernment and some hacker organizations.
Very good
Push notifications mean a lot . Lumia 900 here. I used to receive notifications but now I don't. Please fix . Otherwise a total 5 star app.
 
     ip  
Fantastic chat app with better performance than whatsapp. Love the walkie talkie function...I'm am expat living in Beijing, so most of us over here use wechat. Wechat is a Chinese app, so I understand western users complaining about a small English speaking community...5 stars if some push features could be improved. This is by far my most heavily used app on my Lumia 920
Better than BBM, Hookt, Whatsapp, Ping Chat, etc. Great for group chatting and sharing pictures. Awesome app.
Very cool chat app. Try shake mode!!
Great app...now I have a walkie talkie radio 
Launch speed is  slow everytime you get back to this app...
Seems cool, but it's an overwhelmingly Chinese speaking community.
I'm just down load the app, _
Great messaging app...
This fantastic. Keep it up.
The best chat app I've seen on the WP so far.
Battery drained, but good start. Voice during video chat is too quit using 920
 
Something wrong, wechat keeping send me empty or false messages... It really sucks !!
Cant form group like whats app,
LINE 
Keep update for fix the bug
Great app ever. But better on Apple. Whatever I love it:)
 
Won't let me add people! 0 Stars!!!! Pointless!!! I wanted to switch over from whatsapp too!! Nevermind!
mine keep exiting on its own...idk if its my phone only its frustrating
Buenisisima^.^
This is just awesome! 
quite good 
 
best of all. suggestion: password lock
Asians everywhere 
Awsooom!! Plzzzzzzzz!! Some of smiley from android not apper on wp8!! Plz fix it .
 
Is is great apps thanks for we chat I enjoy chatting to all my friends:)
Muy bueno
Fun way to chat..
Good design of the app
Cute
 
   
 nnd
 
 
 w7 
  
 
 
 !!!
Great app. Wish I could access the service from my desktop though while I was at a desktop! 
One of the best app in this category, however I can't initiate video call, it always sends a message and I have to ask my friends to call me.
Realy goood
 ?
 
 
Me gusta mas que whatsaap, lo unico malo es que no muchos lo usan....
Good
 
 
 
 
Like .
no update!!!!!!!!!
 UI 
 
PERFECT! Much better than whatsapp! 
Awesome alternative to texting and great for talking with friends/family abroad. 
 
Decent, maintains essential functions. Unfortunately FAILED to restore chats history from my iPod to WP7. :S
The touchscreen of wechat doesnot respond well..need urgent update
Fun
Please updateeeee
 
Not bad.
Loading time to log in and load msg toooooooo slow
G8
 
This is a VERY good app. Get it
Its ok but can someone tell how to make video call after u invite someone to video chat
Awesome 
 
 
 
All there is       guys! /.- 
 
Keep loading when using WIFI, so no message loaded to the phone. No problem on cellular data. .However, this is the most reliable IM app on windows phone. 
Can't only post text in moments. Must go with a pic. Sometime audio can't speak. Must restart the app. 
 
Wont let me rotate my keyboard on Nokia Lumia 822 but other than that get app
 
 
 
So slow when loading at the First time i opened this app..
 
 
Great app Mingo3000
 
A surprisingly good client for Windows Phone. Honestly, and pleasantly surprised!
awesome but slowly in the uploading and I wish if I can push a button instead shaking mobile 
 
 
Easy to use. Very good! 
Super awesome fun!! But too many Chinese!; lol
 
GOOD
 
 
 
 
 
Update please
 
 
 
 hd7 
Hebat
Awesome
 IOS,Android  
No more words to approve it 
 
Can't use video call for nokia lumia 800
 
 
Highly recommended.. Awesome and complete package.. Way better than watsapp
Saiko!
Great
   !  !  !  !
I use this app long time it's very good 
Cant be worse
Cool
I cant make a video call and the app cant require my location,needs update.all my friends have4.5update but mine is 3.6.1
Simply great!
When I try make a video call, I receive this error:.Your friend has not sent you a message in the past 10 mins, so, please send an invite to make a video call 
 
 
 
Perfect
 
 
 
Niice
 !!!!!!
 
Khaili toooooope
 
Great app. Hope can change tiles colour. And remove 'letter' at contact.
 
 
Perfect 
Good cross platform app. Can't initiate video call - but can receive fine
 
 
Love it.Very easy to use .Like that 
 
 
The update make more problems.. Picture does not loads..
Awesome  I love it!!! Update more frequent
message pushing sucks....
 WP MSN  ?  QQ WP  !   ! 
 qq qq 
 12 2-3 [ ] [ ] [ ] 
I did not know this was a Chinese company that owns and operates WeChat. Tencent is the parent company.  I do not wish to have my personal info kept stored in China...i am sure it's a good app, but I would rather use something developed here in US.
 !!!!
Faltou ter aqueles bot es b sicos na parte inferior, (enviar, anexar) pois faz falta.... 
 
 
 
     
 
 
Simply the best.
 
 
 
very good app
 
 
Good at using.
 !!!!
Bastante bueno aunque aveces lento >.<
 
 
Nice
Nice
Too slow!!
Good but we need video chat !
 
 
       qq 
Update app,wp can start video call
 !
 
 
 
Receive push notifications one by one even after I  already read everything.
 
Cant invite video 8x
       
 
Great txt app but why is everyone within 5 miles of me Asian!? I never knew there was so many next to me. And im in st. Louis!
 iso api
 
8103010d 
_ _ _ _
Add me MasonIs16.I'm pretty good looking 
Good
 
 
 
wp 
You should like make group chats 
 
windowphone7.5 - cannot connect facebook
 
 
 
 very nice
It is okay .
Good!
 
 :-(:-(:-(:-(
 
 
great
Awesome , add me by phone number +9620797936482
 .
Confusing that half of the conversation between friend and his friends are not shown. Can't post to circle without a photo ..
So slow loading
In case someone wants a review in English: This program is pretty cool. It goes across iphone and android, and it is pretty easy to attach pictures and sound to conversations. Video works, but only if it's small. It works better than my texting does most of the time. Also, it used to cover the screen with raining roses when you typed or received "I love you," but it no longer does that. I want that back.
 
So goods!
Good,I love it.
Awesome
 ??? ??
 
Very good!
good
wp7 ?
Would be better if you could video chat on the windows phone.
 !
  Line  
 
 !!
 
 WP 
 
WP !!!
 wp7
 :|
 ????!!!!
wp   !!!
The latest update made it terrible to use.  The app no longer send out message notifications, nor does it update the latest photo shares from your contacts.  I hate to say this but the latest WeChat made mobile QQ look good...
Very good app
 
 
 
 b!!!
Awesome
 
Everything is good but notifications doesn't work for me 
 
Why did I discover this just now? Me likey!
Better than the rest with some cool features. But video calling does not work! :(
 
Nice!!!
 
Good app, but I don't know why they removes video chat in the latest update. Lumia 920
Thank you
 
 
     
 
Doesn't seem to work for america
 
Frozen since this morning...
Wp7.8 
Super nice.
 
 
No message notification. No ontime push, sucks 
_
 
 
 .
This is what happens when developers actually try. This is how a proper  messaging app should look and feel on Windows Phone. Wechat is light years ahead of its competition. Including Whatsapp. No hangs and notifications actually work. Excellent job! 
Got it to video chat, but it won't do that.
 
_ _ _ _
Good app.........
 
 
 
 !!!!! 
 
When you made video call for wp8?.Look like android...
 0 
Pretty good
 
 n 
 ~ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The app have issues on the video call its hang special when you answer call  Plz try to fixed 
Wp7 
I feel like it would be great... If there were any      English speaking people on here! They are all from china or Japan!
Far better than whatsapp!!
Best free way of communicating.
 qq 
 
 
Un poco lenta espero que solucionen eso, pero muy buena app
^_~
Easy,neat,smart..
Doesn't get toast notification for my Lumia 920
 
 
   
Not able to save or forward my chats on win7.5. 
very good app with cool features.
        Win7 
Can't live chat with my other friends :( please fix this other than its great 
 
 
Great 
7.8    !!!!!
 
 
 !
Hay
nice come on
Thank you for this great program. solved voice calling not like useless viber
 
 
_wp8_wp7wp7.8_wp7_wp8_
Starting anti wechat w stupid maps inside in Vietnam
 
The notification new message not working properly on my windows phone
Crashed sometime!
 
 2012.3.30 
Update slow
Nice
 
 
 
 
Good app, but loads slow, and even unsuccessfully.
 
Great app,But I think App load slowly when i open app.
     app
 
Bad, very bad, I hate this Fking App, made in China :@
 wp7.8
 
Excellent app, The Social Network to chat/mms/call/videocall/voice message/chifumi.. A MUST HAVE!
 !
 
 
ok
 
Nice! Keep the good job!
 qq. 
7.8 
 
Good but when I play with WiFi ,It's slowly to connect and downloading very very slow.What's happened ?
 
Fix bugs.    .
Sound won't work... Needs an update! HTC 8X.
 
LOL ;)
Can't upload photos to moment. And the support is so poor.
 
 !.
very good~
Good app
 IOS  WP 
The window phone app can not be matched with iphone's.
Nice
It just works :D
Very easy to set up and use. Great for short messages
Way batter than whatsapp...specially Notification works and      its fast n resume  
Add me guys "thesupercoolguy" . I m 18 Asian want some friends.
Great app ! Love it.
 
good
_
 
Qq 
 
Wp7 
Only app I use to chat with friends
 
 
 3.45 
Very good 
It's fun
 
Love it very much!!_
   
Cool
 
Really like this app, was using Kik as my daily IM but really loving the Video Call feature. Would love to see the "S,D,R" feature.
 
 
Tried several times to create a nickname and all were rejected with no explanation. I have better things to spend my time on. Bye.
M y th ng l n Trung Qu c bi n kh i Vi t Nam tao mau, mang theo c  c i wechat ch    n y n a
Good but needs update
Nice !
 WP7
Excellent
 
It only chose like 10 people around. And the locations are wrong. I'm inNY so Texas isn't 100yrds away
Woooaw Wechat! Deja a whatsapp a os luz atr s! Muy atr s!
Like it  -  
The best chat in the world!!!)))But need video chat
Places me in China.  Fix this.
 !
I like it _
 
Flawless app!!!
 !
 
 
Lovely...
 
Nice...for windows
 
 
 !!!
 Bug, 
 
 
 !
 
 wp7 
 !!! !!! !
 
Muy buena pero carece de espa ol como idioma principal
 8 4.0
 qq 
Dumb app. 
 
 
Muy bueno
It only finds people 9000 miles away in Thailand and     . I live in the united states....
 
 
My area is boring and it doesn't have any other options to search out of my area
Whoops whatsapp's azz big time
   
Very coooool program _
 
 
Bit of a learning curve - needs refinement but overall its good
 
.2.1 
 
Ok
Its a superb aap but need to be upgraded soon as in other phones..
After using it for a while. All im complaining is the slow volume in call and video call, overall, great app!
Its nice, but it will be better if we could choose region in  SHAKE PLUGIN
7.8 
Good 
 wifi wifi email 
Rid culo e bugado
 
Needs last seen timestamp like WhatsApp 
 ?
Wp7   
             
 
wp8 920  
 WP8 
Silent mode does NOT work. Still play sound when message arrives. Please fix this.
 
nb
good! but push notification don't work most of the time.... only when you open will you see all messages coming in... please fix..._
Nice app
Good
 
IPhone users profile pictures are not showing for me. Otherwise,nice.
Extremely good app. I'm telling everyone to install it
Can never log in. Fail.
no video chat
Good,I hope it do better 
The best app!
Nice update with video call
 ? !
 
Good app.
Great app!
Good video call.
Great app for keeping in touch with friends and family 
Really cool
 
Love it
A pretty cool app...
Wooow.I like it.
Video call?
Five stars cuz' the APP is perfect, compared to Viber.
+1
Windows Phone 7 version doesn't support video chat. Boooooo.
Kind of boring
 
Where is the update for WP7.8??
Awesome applecation
Awesome app. Use it everyday. Lets communication stay personal.  Love it!!;
 
 
 
 
 qq 
 
 
Great app.
4.0 wp7.5
 
 wp7 
Great App
 3.45 
 !
4.0 7 
 
Its gettin so good. The video call function works seamlessly. 
 
 
System crash when use voice msg
 
 wp ?
No video call 
 
 
 !
update plzzzzz
No push notifications anymore 
 
Good. App I love it 
 
No notification any more after recent update
Extremely slow in connection. Takes forever to load.
It is so convenient to uses, to keep connection with your friends.
 
It needs more people....
 
convenient and useful
 
I cannot log in anymore with phone number. Is it necessary to associate to wechat ID? Even I want to associate to wechat ID when reset password, there are no instructions.
I don't know sometimes it don't have notification . It's in the list of background task.
 
It's. not push notification at all. Especially after the app update. Please fix it right now.
An evil app that works for China government.
Why no video for windows phone?
 !
Cool emoticons, but I don't like that u can't see when ur msg is received and when the other person is typing. And sometimes I don't get the indicator that I have a message until I actually go into the app.
Best chat ever 
Good
Hey you get this app hommie haha - 10/10 
 
I like it.
U deserve what u offer
 
Nice
 WP8 
Cool
Huongztt
Bad
This is app china
 
.Just bought a Win8 phone. .It is not working with it!!!
Good
 2 
 QQ 
       
 ! 
 
 
Passcode support plz
Forces rebooting when playing voice messages, Lumia 920
 
Good 
 
 qq qq 
very nice
 QQ ?
online by 3G cannot send messages.
 
 
Good app
Pretty good
Crash om lumia 800
Excite chat programmm!
 qq ?
Pretty good product. Useful and mostly user friendly. The English language version really needs to be updated to the same functionality as the Chinese though. Many Chinese friends want to do a video call and this version doesn't support it. Hope the manufacturer speeds development on our version!
 
 
Good overall. Only slight lag performance on winmob. Or its as the same issues like whatsapp on winmob?
I can't believe how long it took me to finally use WeChat. This thing is huge in China and there's no better messaging app out there. Can't wait till there's video integrated. Highly recommended!!!
Great app! 
Makes no sense.
 
 FACEBOOK 
 
 !  !  !
And yah I use my Lumia 920 so try to give an update including video chat please :D
 Line  wechat lumia920
 
Cannot initiate web chat
 !
 
 
Awesome one
 wp7.5 
This is way more convenient than most of other chat or contact apps. I love it.
Good.
 
   
 
 
 
 
Sometimes it doesn't show up the msg 
Its awesome.
 windows bug 
 ! 
Lumia920 !
Cool~~~~~~
 qq 
 
 
 
 
 !!!!sb !!!! 
 !!!!!!!!! !!!! 
 
good
 
Voice msgs make my phone crash with new update on Lumia 920
Add me jukoholmes
 
Excellent
 
 wp 
Nice 
 
Pretty good, still cant video chat and  still occasionally crashes during voice playback. Other than that its great. Add me: Joeypoprocks 
 
 
 
I love this app, and the privacy about the massage was reed yet or not, 
Pretty good app. But is anyone having their phone reset on voice playback? 3 times now during that operation.
Like it.
 
good.
 710 wechat 
good!!
 720 
Very useful software,thanks for this
 ?
 
Installed this app because Voxer isn't  available for Windows. Good app, but kinda buggy especially that my friends(using different platforms) are complaing about the app. I've also experienced several reboots because the app keeps crashing. Overall, this app is a good alternative to Voxer but definitely needs improvement!
 
Can not live without it
     QQ    
 wp8 wp 
 
   
it has no video chat and has less features than the one on other platforms
 
GOOD!
 
 Lumia 920
very nice and useful! Wish it supports the video call. Coming soon?
Nice app but no video call like on Android/iOS
 
 
 !
Good~
Great and fun.Recommended to all
Updated version needed that support video chat. I hope it'll available soon on Windows phones.
Make a lock screen setting to see message count please.
Falta soporte para equipos con teclado deslizable, y aceler metros
 
excellent!
Make a update for window phone pls.. Its          outdated.........
Amazing Social Networking App
It's same as whatsapp. But it's better than whatsapp.
     
 
Cool app..
 WP8 
 wp8 IOS 
 IOS WP 
Please  update 
Qq 
 
Nice but can b much more better..
 wp8 ,bug 
 qq 
 
 
 
 
 !!
 
Were is update wechat?.Not video chat?
Win8  
 
 
 
 
 
 lumia920   wp8 
Not as good as apple or androit..im so disappointed..
 
Poor audio quality and sometimes it crashes and causes my phone to reboot. This reboot has happened 3 or 4 times
 
Haven't high revision for window phone.
 !
 
 
Good but can't make video call with window phone
 
Cool but I can't find anyone in my region using it (east coast USA)
Great app _
 
Very good...
Nice app
Win7  .
Needs more ppl..
 " " 
 bug, 
Awesome app!!
 
 
 
 
 QQ 
3.4 1.1 !
god awful avoid at ALL costs
 
Love it
Only Asians.....
 
 
 
 
WP 7 
I'm gay add me ID vaanbenz.
Nice
 
Fluid and snazzy, but I wonder if it will drain battery if I let it run in background?
Started to cause reboot on Lumia 920 after recent upgrade. Will change back to 5 star after problem is fixed.
Good
ok 
 
 
 .
 
 !
Perfect!
Excellent l am able to combine yahoo qq and messenger voice quality is outstanding phone lumia900
Awesome, thanks.
 :smalltownmoon  
 
Up 
fabulous 
The best messaging app I've found. Audio cuts off a little bit, and there's no autocorrect, otherwise this would be a 5.
Good
 
 !!!!
Doesn't have icon on lock screen 
 QQ 
 
 .
 
Can't find video calling :(
Muito legal Pena que n o. Faz liga o de. Voz. E v deo 
 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
Good
 
Wp8   
Did not tell me how to deactivate my account
Can't log in!
Works great!
Very good
I like it!
I have to give it a 4out of 5. Works great but takes a long time to translate. Like go from English to anything else you have to wait two mins for it to do that. Crazy but other then that very good app
 7.8 
 . We use it to find  girls :-)
 
Good app
Way better than the stupid what's app. This app is a hero !!!!
Good
Doesn't have voice or video yet. But PTT and other stuff works.
 pica 
 
 
Cool
 
Loading too slow,fix fix
 
This app is solid! Great features and easy to use. Thanks for your time making it!
 
 
Easy to use!!!
 .
 
 app edge wifi usb+zune !
 
 
Just got it have no one to talk to,
 
 
good.
 !
Great app. Slick interface. Lacking real time voice chat or it would get 5 stars!
 
Awesome!
Excellent 
 
Pretty good app
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ios 
Sometimesc, when I receive a message, I can see the notification, press it, then goes to chat window inside the app but i only see the old messages, not the one from the notification, I have to press back and exit the app then enter again to see it. Sometimes it doesn't work even if i exit and enter again and i just have to wait to seel those messages. 
 !
 
 
 
Awesmeeee.. Just love it
What a great tool!
          
Great app. Incredibly complete app. Even better after the update!!
 
Love it!!!
nice app, easy to use but too many A hole people from the Shake 
Great software. I like the voice message feature.
Good
 TX 
 
 
 
Ummm..... Thinks I'm in china_
seems to use battery life quickly on wp7.5 on Samsung focus
 !!!
 
   
Excellent app! Very well made.
 
Great app ever but still a bit slow on window phone
Good app
 
 ba
 
 
 
 
 
 
WP 
Good
 
 
 
 
 
Great app the only down side is that it doesn't convert the other languages because most of the people that I meet don't speak English
nice one
   .
we should have video call version for this...beside it everything is ok 
 
Its stuck on " we chat is the comprehensive mobile communicator" stupid app..... :\
 
 
Love it :) wish there was more people from America, though I love the old world. But too many languages.
3.4 
 3.4 
Cool app!
No notification on locked screen.  Only load when opening the app, and this limits the usefulness of the app significantly.
 3 4   
It needs better notification. And better settings to fix time stamps. Add a settings option to change colors on the background of fonts. And make it not cut off the message as soon as you. Stop holding to talk. Everything else about it is great. 
Nice
 
vhhdghhcfhjbcfgh
Ok ok.Doesn't work on lock scree
 WP qq 
Guddd
best.
3.4 WP7 
 
 
Not that interesting :P
 
 
 920 
Would give 5 stars if I could use this in landscape mode.  Unless I'm missing a setting somewhere!!!.
Str8 asssssszzzssss 
Keeps showing me in china...which is weird because I live in the US.  This would be a better app if it actually showed people who live in my real location
 
Best app to chat in wp7
 
good 
I like this app but when I do shake or message in a bottle I only get people from china and it says they are 11 miles away haha 
Nice one
 
 
 
 
Very nice apps.
The app is great, I love it !
Good
good
 
4 stars for the next update. Very versatile and fast messanger ever available for WP7. But Kik provides faster text messaging and very indicative for messages sent/received. My choice was Wechat because of Push-to-talk capability as it is very useful when driving. Update may require on the app speed and feedback indicators for messages.
 
 
 
  
3.4 
Very good 
 
 
 
        
 de 
 !
 !
 
 
 
So great
 
 
 
   
Simply awesome and full of users.
 
 
 
 
good
   
 
Good app for ever
Very good
 
Perfect
 
Excellent 
 
 :-O:-O:-O 14857776 
 
Perfect app!
great
 
 !
the best app chat of wp7.5!! ..great job!!!..
 
Good
 QQ 
 
 
Was working fine. A bit slow. But since update,i can no longer see  my msg boxes and the social page. Somethings wrong now. Update glitch???
 
Qq 
 
 qq 
 
Helpful
 
I give 3 stars because this app is slow on incoming msg...
Esta mejor que el whatsapp :D
Xing 
Worth it!.just if the shake feature could find ppl more close to my location...seems like 3-4k kms are too far! 
Very bad
 
 
 
Wechat is really fast and very easy to use, much more better than concurrent, like what's up, I will recommend to all my friends.
 
Update soon please!!!
 
it's good to connect everyone !
Great
Its okay! Most are fobs or people overseas
 
Nice!
 
Nice!
 qq !!!
 
QQ 
 ~~
UI OK
Feel good 
 
 
 
Good
Good 
 
Good 
 ios  
Awesome but wish it was faster
 
 
 
 
Need More Verity Of People...Other Then That I Like It
 
Sexy Mama<3
 
 qq 
 
 
Not sure yet
 
   ~
 
 
 .
 
 
 
     
So far so cool... Add me Hustle Simmons
 
 
 
 
 
Everyone is in another country not for U.S. Residents 
 
 .
 windows  
 ~
 !!!
No good Arabic rtl
 
 
 
   
 
 bug 
 
 Wifi GPRS 
Good!
Cool app
Very good application 
 
Great
 
 
 
Very good apllication
I'm not giving any app my phone number. And you can't use this with out the GPS on?
 
 .
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
=)
Perfect 
 
better than whatsapp
 
 
 
 
 
 QQ 
Love it, so much better than IOS version
 
 
 :-D@_@
 
 
Anh
 
Keep the good things coming! :)
Muy completa faltar a que salga en espa ol y se gana el primer puesto en msj instant nea.
what a  good app.
 
 
 
Its Awesome 
 
Very useful communicating with family and friends!
Great!
Love it 
Like it !
 
     
Ok. I'm waitting for next update.
          2g
Better than whatsapp
 
Like it
 ! 
 
 
     
Fine.
 
 
Very good application. But there is problem when you want to link it with Facebook. I tried it on my HTC HD7.
AFter latest update on my hd7 3.2wechat , the MOMENTS page doesn't work it crashes !
Cannot link Facebook.
 
Not that many people signed in in southern California 
This could easily be a 5star app with a few updates 
 
 
 
It's ok. Why can't i find samsung allshare??
Very good application
Just amazing. Way better than Whatsapp, and Kik. Lot of things, but need "the perd n is typing..." stuff and more quick messages..But, is just amazing.
 
 
 
Cool!!!
       
Facebook no works, background no works..... Fix soonest....
 
Nice
 
Best chat app ever!!!
good
 
Amazing !!
    
 
 
Nice app
Very good app if it had video chat it would be the best
just so so
 
 
 
Update broke the app
Gooooooooooood!
 
 
 
 QQ 
 
 !!
 
 
 
Need more English speakers 
 
 
 qq 
 
 
3.2
Most users are chinese. And look around feature seems to be inaccurate.
Awesome app love to use it
Awesome stuff~
good
 
 
good
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
goof
 , 
 
 ?! yard mile 
 
awesome
 
 
I love this app, way better than boxer!
 bug  
 
 
 
much Better than qq!!
 
 
 3.2 
 
 dx
Windows  
 
 
 
 
 
 
good app,good experience 
 
 
 
 
 
   
Have some fun...
 ~
    
 wp 
Wow.....cool...
 !!!
awesome
 !!!
Stupid stupid stupid app uninstalled and never thought about again
 
Lovely app!! Keep getting better!!!
 
 
Terrific app, 
 
 
 
Nice but unable to use in offline mode.
Awesome!
Awesome 
Wow it's so funny ;-)
This is a great app!
Awesome,
The best
 !
Wifi 
 
 
 
Pretty cool 
 WP 
Good enough
 
 
 4.0 
 
Last seen option should have been added just like in whatsapp
(^_^)
 
 
 
Great app
 
 
Good
 
 
Awesome app, but the screen should rotate
good
Nice
Awesome !!
    !
Great
Great app!
 
 !
Greato! :)
 !
 
 
It cool
Perfect 
 bug 
 
 
 
good
Great. Still need to have landscape chat
Cute!
It's so cool.i like it
 
Great
No video call, but with good talk function
     HTC  Mozart
Seems really great but why the hell is California not in the state list?...am i missing something?
 
 
 
Very nice app
Its great ;)
How to use?.Any guide?
 
  qq 
 QQ 
 
Good
 
 
 
 !  !
Its all Asian.. No English people 
 
it is good
good
 
 
 
 ~~
 
Wow.......This is so cool ,the shake is interesting  & we can also share the moments to both facebook & Ten cent Weibo~ Love it:D
 
Awesome 
Great, I love
 ! 
 
Very fun 
 !!!!
 3.0 
Gr8 app
Still cannot leave. Need to fix this 
Always receive,cannot get connection immediately 
  
 WP 
 wp7 
 
No one from America or who speaks English 
 
 1 
 
 
The best.. Great app
3.1 
 
 
 
I really like the interface and emoticons. Kicks Heytells    !
Hope it will be like tango, call from phone to pc
You are Wechat Plus!
 
 7 
Full of chinese
 
 
 ~~
 
 
 
 
 
 
 !
 ! 
 
 
 
 
 
good 
 
good soft
 
Best
 plus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Great apps
 
 
Good 
     bug 
 
 
 
 3 1  
 
 
 
I'm loving it!
Not working in Serbia
 
 
 
     iphone
  :D
 
 
 
 app
 
 
 I 917 
Excellent!
 
 
We need also a translator feature n qq instant message app in english
 
 
 !
 
 ~
 
 . 
 !
 
 
It's good.Can be better.
 
 
 
 
 !
 
 ?
 ?
lol
Most excellent app. Great UI and easy to use!!
 wp qq 5 
 
 
Total    
Super application but not giving all city name..please try to be better..
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nice 
   
Application don't work without sharing your GPS position 
Ko co che do onl hay off cua ban be
:):):):):)
 
 
Brilliant
good
Very Good
 ?
good
 ! ! Wp7 ?
good;):):D
 
 
 QQ 
Good
 
 
Amazing!
60 
 .
 
 
 
very good.
Great app for keeping in touch over wifi!
mozart 
verygood
Best app if u have a translater...the only thing I don't like is the who's near me button no one comes out yet :-(....just watch out for     late at night >_<  
This app is the best social app out there. More Americans should jump on this!!!
I like it. Please add more search maximum km eg. 100km/200km and region filter 
 t ng i d ng q a, ko chat  c v i ai. Chat tr n Windows phone ho n to n ko th y n i dung g , ph i copy r i paste v o  u   m i  c  c
 
 
 
 
good
 
 
 
so so
 !
One problem is that I can see what my friend chat,all they said are just become blank
Super apps
Love it
 
 !
 :-)
 
 
 
 QQ QQ 
 
 ?
 
Great app!
Good
 
   
Better than talkbox or heytell
 ga
 
 
 
 wp7 
 
JB !! !!
 
Love  Love Love it...better than the simple messenger on windows phone...I have the HTC 
 
 
Good
 
 
 
 
Cool app, just wish I knew Chinese. Add me...   oddisee
 
 
 
 
Wonderful 
 3.0 
 
 
 
 !!!!!
 
 
 
 tx 
 
 WP7 
 
3 0 
 
 
 !  QQ !!!!
 
 mm 
 !
 
 
 
 !
New update brought MOMENTS feature!!!!!! Simply THE BEST messenger around. Better than whatsapp and all those other wack     apps. Tell all your friends. This app is THE RECKONING!!!!!
Wechat is the best app in my cellphone!Thinks for the team!
 
can't living without you!
 !!! !!! qq
Terrific. Excels in every way 
Cool 
 
 wp7 
 ! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 !
 ! ;)
      
 
What a slow update in wp7.
 
 ~ TL 
 wp 
 
     .
 
 
Easy to use and very useful to communicate with everyone.
 
 
Very good  .
So cool
Awesome!!!
WP7 
F@   this    
 
SWEET! but I won't tu screech for different people 
 
 
 
 
Looks like whatsapp, but worse than whatsapp on massaging. Don't know what am I suppose to do with other random features.anyways
Love it its just like voxer
 ???
 iphone 
 
 
 
 !
 
  40 
 4.0 
Great app..i either need to learn Chinese or find more Americans lol great app phone the less
 
 qq 
 
Good...
 
 
 
 
Awesome!!
   
 
good
 
 
I have a question, does Facebook Connect work for anyone?  Mine just asks me to sign on through the browser and returns a Success page, but nothing else.
 
 
All fxckers here.
 
 WP 
 
Good but where are the rabbit and locationing.
Great, just a Little slow uploading
Cannot connect sometimes without any problem of WLAN or sim card.    it.
 ? 
I do not get the verification code at all.
 
 
Love this app. I just wished they had  an icon to show when you got a msg.
How do you delete it
Can't get it to link to facebook
Have lots of friends now=) sefember
Very nice app it only needs more users
Wow it's amazing good forever..:)
 
 
 
 
 
Crash  crash not working at all
Utterly amazing 
 
Cool
g00d
 
Ok
 
Best app
 
   ios 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Good,meet sb here.
I like it very much.
 
 
 
Chinese people!!!  O 
Very smooth!!!
Really good! 
 
 
Only Japanese people and its annoying. When someone from the us that speaks English comes... Then ill be happy!!!!!!!! Sucks to suck
Good!
 
 
No video capture 
 2 
 
good
Love using this. Intuitive and fun. Will force all my friends to use it too haha
 
Very good. But the Windows Phone version is missing some functions compare to iOS and Android.
excellent!!!
 
We need version 3.0 in windows phone 7.5 
Sao bon zing lai pr cai nay nhi? Chac an $ roi. Haizz
 
 
Very good!
 Dft 
 wp 
Titan HTTP proxy
There's potential but for now it is lame due to the threes of people using it.
Good
Rat hay
 z c s,zh chi shi focus
 
 
 
Very good in windows phone
 
Won't let me link account to fb but otherwise its all good :D 
 
 .
Good
 
 !
 
It's a great app and much more refined than Whatsapp IF you know Chinese, otherwise useless for chatting with new people. Add me if you like: jugband
 wp7 
 
 
Good
Much better than watsapp ;-)
Great app and best one. I like it more than what's app and others I tried. Just giving it 4 stars because everyone that uses it is Chinese and I don't know Chinese.
 
 
goes 
 
 ..
Great app...just needs more American users. But otherwise I like it way better than voxer. 20 person group chats are great
Good!
Sort of useful, smooth operations, a little ugly UI. Keep updating. Anyway, still a useful tool in China
 a a 
Sucks it would be more     if people other the Japan or china not saying there's anything wrong with that don't get me wrong I just don't understand the women 
 
 
I can't join coz I'm Saudi :|
 
perfect
 
 
more better than QQ but the UI should be change
Bunch of fucken ugly Asians on this. 
 
 
Great application, thanks 
 
  
 ~ 
 
 
    !
 ! !
 
Excellent chat application, never crashes, easy to use.
Good
 qq 
 
 QQ 
 
Great app really
 .
Good. But can be better. 
goodapp!
 
good
 
 gred
 ! 
 8 !
nice 
It is not linking to facebook 
 app 2.1 lumia900 dev 
Can't login on Facebook,I hope new update fix login
 ~
 
4.0 !!!!! 
 app
 
 ~
 
 
    
 
 
 bug : There is a bug when taking photo with front camera (I am using Lumia 900 and no problem with other apps using front cam). The photo is ajusted UPSIDE DOWN. I guess in the code the programmer wanted to call flip horizontally but falsely called flip vertically.
I can't login with Facebook.
 
Can't see any messages and emoticon in HTC Mozart =(
good app
 ! qq !
Nice app.
 
Wonderful
 
good
 
wp7 
 
 
 21 wuya098 
 QQ 
 
Bad
 4.0 
     :D:D
 .
 
 !O.O
 
 
 
 qq 
 
 
 
Awesome app
 
 
 
 
 
 
 QQ 
Like
 
just   fine
 
 
 
 
Nice app, Tencent is good at designing UI
 
 
 
 
 
Good app!
 abcd 
 
 ;) !
 
 
 . 
 
Good
 
 
 
 QQ 
 ! metor ~~
 
 !
     
goode
Hands down best messaging app ever I love it bye bye what's app 
 ! qq  !
 
 
 
 ~~
 
 
 
 
 
Awesome app
 
 
My country (Jordan) isn't available :(
 
 
 !
 !
Needs more diversity
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.1 
 
 
 
A good app at least in China!:-)
 
2.1 
Fun!
Awesome app!
 
nice
 
this app was so cool but i dont like TENCNCENT and Ma Huateng
 
Pretty good,the best IM mobile tool 
 
Good
 
Sweet
 
 
 !!
Cool app but not enough people that knows how to speak English... Hope u know Chinese or Japanese whatever it is
Amazing with its simple use and UI.
 2.1 
 
 
Terrible experience, I can't receive any msg without WiFi especially in the outside, the previous version didn't Show this problem.
  
 
 qq 
Wow this is such a cool app. Add me ppl if you can speak a little English.
 
 
My
Nice one~~~
 
  .
 
Doog
 
Awesome, love the walkie talkie feature
works fairly well, interface takes some getting used to, 90% of the people are Asian, so it can sometimes be difficult to find someone to randomly chat with as I cannot speak or read the language.
 
 
Zero stars. I put my cell number in and said invalid format.  
strange name
 
5 
Best app ever
Best IM app ever
 
 
 
 
Creeps on this
 
 
 
 !!!!!!!
 
 
 
Finally a good voice chat app
 
 
Its cool, just needs more people who speak english!! trinaaBADbish find me
Add me if you can speak English hahaha xbeatdownsx
Give 4 stars this time. The whole App is good though. But remind whether exit or not when exiting is the most unpleased part of this app. Despite you exit this app or not, you always receive push notifications when new message comes. So, I wanna see no tips for exiting or not next time. And I will absolutely give this App  five stars. 
 
 
 
WoW . It's very good. My wechat id: saeed8265
Kool app but need to separate American from foreign countries, all I get in the chat is foreign people
 
We need some more Americans in this app....add me j. Fairhurst
 ~~~
 
 .
       
 
 qq 
Loading and connecting is too slow, took like 2 mins to load the new message.
 
 qq 
Greatttt app, but can be slow. You have to tell your friends to sign up since %99 of the people on this app are Asian...
 
    
 !!!! 
 wp7 
 
 
Showing invalid no. Format!
 
 qq 
good,but not enough
1. Needs live tile..2. Needs skin support.
 
 
 wp 
 
Good
 
    
 
 android ios !
 :-]
good
 
G00D
 !
 
  
good
 
 
 
 
 
Nice app for WP 
 
 
 
 
 !
 
 o 
 
 
sex party
Great app.Love it.Thanks
 WP7 
Very good
 
 
 
 :D
 
 
Its a good app
 
 
 
 
 
 
hao
good
 
 
 
Esta vuena la rrecomiendo mucho
 
 
 
 !
 iPhone  
 
 
Unable to register in Estonia. :|
 !
This app is actually fun. You get to meet anonymous people from around the world and 'attempt' to communicate with them! Its fun, but can also be weird depending on who you talk to. Lately I've been meeting people from China and Canada ;D all nice people. One thing is that you will most likely pick up Chinese speakers ;D sooo tolerance is key
 
 
 
Good 
 
good
Cool
  
 
 
 
 nice
 
Nice
 
 
 !!!
Fun to play with
 
Useless of you don't live in China. Nearest wechat user to me was in Shanghai. I live in the US!
 
 !
 
much better now
 
 ???
 
 WP7 2.0 
Best;-)
 
 !
 
 
 
 
 
Very Good 
Good
Great social app!
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
So fun!
 
 
 
Very good 
Good
 
 
 
 TX 
 
 
 
 
 !
 
 qq
 
good 
 
 
 
 .
 QQ 
 
 !!!
 
 
 
  :)
 
 
nice.
5 
 
 
 
 
2.0 1.  2. skype app 3.  4. app 
 2.0
 
Pls update quicker!
 
 facebook 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 !
 !!!!!!!!! 
 
 
 
Please add Saudi Arabia 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
shake~first review
 !
 
Good 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 qq  
 ! !
 
 
 bug 
 QQ 
great
 
 
Good
 
   QQ2012 - - 
Good
 !
 
 ~~
 
 
 
 
 
 
 =.= wp7 
 
 
 ?
good
