wechat wallet doesn't work .
very good .
so much fun ! way better than groupme .
it doesn't work well on my phone can not send mp3 file .
the new update look great . unfortunately , it's still version behind other platform . android be at 6 . 3 now . sometimes the message doesn't preview on my live tile . and link frequently do not work within the browser . i mostly use this out of necessity since all my family member use it .
i dont know that for sure .
chat backup go after update . it's one of the most important feature in wechat , please bring it back .
unable to do voice call on lumia 640 .
too slow . load many message after several time . notification ok .
good . please add support to connect to linkedin as on other mobile platform .
the user experience on window phone be terrible , anybody can tell me how to create a group chat on window phone ?
no entra .
great app .
just give everyone the same functionality as the ios version .
overall , it be good ! just need more update !
why all in sudden no more history backup restore ?
i m on lumia 950xl .
one thing that be lack here be chat during video call . the next one be i use to use this chat app on landscape mode on my symbian phone which we don't have here . so jst 4 .
chat backup be go after update for wp8 . 1 . please bring it back and make it work !
why be you cripple the window version of wechat ?
why the backup function be disappear after update ?
i couldnt use and download in my phone .
i like the black background set . my eye feel comfortable while look at the large screen phone . thank .
always hang after i answer a call .
for window it's always bug fix come on you guy update this thing with feature like as in ios or android .
on microsoft wechat app i'll give 2 . lot of feature miss .
not work well on nokia1320 .
i like this app a lot on my iphone , but on my new window phone , it seem to have a whir , run sound in the background , whenever i use the app ! it also seem to drain the battery a ton . don't know if it's the app version or just the phone , but they don't seem to work together alms smoothly as with apple , i'm sorry to say .
lack feature which the other platform have . translate would be useful .
kenapa sering ngg bsa dibuka ? brpa kali harus reinstal ?
terrible . just terrible . guarantee to make you angry if you use .
run . too slow in window , just like still in the modern age .
i m not able to check my free promo balance .
please improve its photo option i can't send the photo which i save from google , when i send the pic , download from google its show me off image not support please better the photo option quality .
don't know why . just fail to get anything new message from wechat friend after i turn off the phone screen .
do what should do .
can't use the app use wifi connection . only mobile data which suck .
the greatest app in the world .
the best ever thank you we chat .
excelente sistema de comunicacion .
easy , useful , handy .
this thing be not for anyone under 18 all they want be like always .
it's cool and convenient , however , i want it to have a translator . apple and android apps have it , but not window ?
problem while upload photo at moment . frequently occur unable to send . android user can't hear my voice while call . work fine with other window user .
super cool chat site .
overall interface be good , feature be way less than wechat on other mobile platform , need red pocket function ! . thank .
bokas no one reply . waist of memory .
a lot of problem !
load slowly !
it stick , it drain my battery , data usage and phone speed . it be one of the most stupid app in human history .
my battery lose charge very quickly .
very good .
its automatically close . pls help me .
can't recive verification code plz slove it .
awesome application !
overall work great and keep me keep in touch with my chinese family .
no translation , no hongbao , no real time location share .
i can't able to get wallet in my window phone .
basic malfunction cannot use keyboard in textbox when share something in moment . cannot use keyboard when send feedback in app .
its just an ok app for message . i have see better . the shake feature be pretty neat . i do not like that a lot of the people especially men have pornographic image as their profile pic . however , it be great that you can report those individual . lastly , i dont like that you cannot deactivate your account at least i couldn't find where .
nice one .
keep cut me off on video chat and can't hear my wife and she can't hear me .
wechat payment with qr code not support , diditaxi not support .
function be limit .
where be wechat pay for window phone ?
there be to many sexul ppl on i its weird .
it's ok but not as good as i think .
good app .
the ux be too bad , not fit for win10 . let small horse come to see me , i must talk with him about this .
window version be not very good .
i love it .
during voice or video call from singapore window phone lumia 1320 to china apple i pad , the person in singapore window phone lumia 1320 can hear the voice but the person in china apple i pad can not hear the voice , this happen when the person make the call from china apple i pad to singapore window phone lumia 1320 . this think happen about month ago , please get this fix ! . wechat version 6 . 0 . 6 . thank .
love it .
cool app .
very good .
5 star .
good job ! the new update be back to normal speed .
love it .
me gusta .
my whats up doesnt change after i change it . it still show the previous one . please fix it .
i be a chinese girl . i like it very much . nice to meet you .
i very like it , it's great .
hate it . it always cut out automatically when i open moment . fix this wechat dev . in android ur awesome . i hope in wp also . fix this immediately . if this have be fix , 10 star for you . best app but minor problem might ruin everything . thank dev .
always automatically exit and other phone wechat now have video call in their group ! please update to wechat 6 . 3 . 9 !
need update .
verification code for sign up never arrive . useless .
better than skype to make video call . i recommend .
0 star . waste of time . on shake . show fake ids or 20km away . f this app .
first of all , tech support consider non exist , default reply for all , no live person answer question . app require wechat v . 5 . 3 or later still not support on v . 6 . 0 . , very disappoint .
the program lack many of the function that there be on the android and apple version . now it suddenly stop work on my phone . it shutdown automatically when i turn it on .
always crash .
this be pretty easy to use . i wish it be update faster . and i wish the feature in chinese be available in all language .
the latest update look suck . i didn't see any improvement in this app . it just create more lag and still not window 10 design . urgh .
great , better than facebook or twitter .
me parese que es algo muy bueno .
everyone want sex . download if you want to .
thank you for update . ur update solve my wechat laggy problem . however , u still have to improve a lot .
just update . nice .
useless app .
this be the most useful app i have ever have during my wp experience . so sad tencent be not go to enter the uwp platform yet , nor it's go to keep it up to date with android and ios platform . microsoft really have to put more effort on w10m and get more company in to make the platform more excite .
video call not good .
superb app . get so many friend from we chat .
i want translate help tool while chat .
need more update as like as android version . after start battery get hot and charge decrease quickly . it's take too much time to start also . also need translation system like as android version .
i love wechat since i use it on ios device , now i'm use it on my window 10 mobile . i just want to say don't give up window 10 mobile . we love wechat , we can't live without you . we also need new feature and improvement like ios and android . only i can say be please .
i don't know why , but i can't download it . and if i try again , it will pop up error code . any suggestion ?
i like it .
love it .
xue zhu .
bring translate option to wp .
can't link my bank card on my xl95 . crash . slower in use compare to android iphone .
ok la .
no notification when i exit from app ! android n ios have it ! make the app on window phone like them !
more bad than tencent qq international !
finally , the launch speed increase drastically !
still miss a lot of feature compare to ios and android , especially wallet and ability to upload video .
why open apps take time too long almost 2 3 minute , my phone be lumia 830 . all be okay , just it cant resume to apps because to open app u need 2 3 minute . apps cannot run in background .
i only wish it support write while hold the phone horizontally . otherwise , it's great .
i instal 6 . 0 . 6 to my new lumia 640 wp8 . 1 last week . my friend cannot hear me during voice call or video call , but i can hear them clearly . so i test at home with my friend , and i find follow bug . if both party be under the same wifi , both can hear each other . but if we be under different wifi , my friend cannot hear me , but i can hear him . i already reinstall the app several time , and even reset the phone to factory default , but no luck . additionally i test with qq and skype voice and video call , and they work as intend . so it be not the phone problem . hopefully tencent can fix it soon .
the ui be unattractive but overall the app be really good , with regular update to window 10 mobile app have become stable and fast at launch .
all my friend and family be this to chat . i post in moment , more than other social medium . love all the feature .
love you , wechat .
please support win10 .
good apps .
too slow for window phone .
please do not stop support for window phone .
perfect perfecr .
it's a good app but no translation , no red envelop , no phone call , limit favorite sticker , take too much memory , can't find sight save in the phone , no wallet and bank transaction .
some video do not play , nokia 920 .
very gud but it need to be update with few thing . thank .
no translation no update no feature as android and ios . very slow and sometimesno notification . do something tencent .
need to update the app for window 10 .
when i call anyone he she can not hear me although i hear him her very well ! that be only in window phone and all people that i know have the same problem . this must be correct very soon .
great app but a . no voice communication be a big problem .
great aap .
window phone need more feature in sync with android or ios . it be too slow and freeze at time .
it's be the best way and mode of communication .
problem with contact . if i do video call to my any contact there call file other user be not your wechat contact . bu its my contact in phone and in wechat .
recipient can not hear me .
it's really nice and have much more feature than whatsapp . it have voice and video call . it have animate sticker . nearby feature provide you option to find nearby wechat user , you can send them friend request and can add them without share your mobile number . most girl don't want to share their number because of security reason , this application be fully helpful for them . drift bottle feature be good for make friend from all over the world . if you mistakenly send a wrong message to anyone , you don't have to say sorry , you can recall that message and it will be disappear on the both person screen . many other good feature be there .
slow . just slow .
i can't create an account on wagas restaurant , error something go wrong , any chance you can fix that please ?
no voice !
new update , video chat be bug , and want new improvement !
after couple of day of use it , i really think that this be by far worst social app ever ! trust me , it's not worth of your time ! but everyone can check it out by themselves . so feel free , be my guest .
new version .
useless app . can't even remove account .
android and ios be much better than window edition . please put wallet , instant translation , etc . be use it for year and so slow update .
keep improve and update same as ios and android phone .
i don't know about it yet .
that's awesome social network ever i use .
this version of wechat have no translation capability . not good for business . i use the iphone version for work in china .
just come back to thank wechat for give me the best friend i could've ever imagine in my life .
can't find a reason to like it . so ugly ui . please let us have an uwp version of wechat .
very unstable for window phone . will close app unexpectly and , it take too long to open the app . way too long !
first moon page be time consume .
slow interface but i like this apps .
amaze . absolutely amaze . i love this app with such a passion . it's the best place to talk to everyone i know . the only problem with it be that when you download onto the computer , you cannot have yourself log out on the phone , and into another account . my only complaint , 5 star .
voice call not work in lumia 950 , wp10 . the user at other side cannot hear what i say .
cannot open i window phone .
its amaze i like it .
i like that i can chat with my friend when they run out of service but all the people when you shake the phone to see who shake theirs be people from china every time and the nearby thing suck i wish you could see all the account from all over the world than just who be near by you .
i love it .
i like the feature . but there be serious glitch , for example , i can't get any message after upgrade my phone , load be very slow when it work .
take 3 min tym to start in lumia 535 .
no idea , why can't use voice call ? . try many time but fail . new comer on window phone , face this issue .
other party hear no sound during video or voice call . mic work properly in other apps include regular phone call . i'm very disappoint .
we chat be the best message app for widow phone . it be also a great way to meet new people .
radar not run . please update go .
hop for a ui revamp .
first of all its cool but y we don't get musically on window phone and also we also have problem call people and also when people text you . u should be able to block them and the should be restrict to show nude to people .
grate app .
want to be able to save a sight to my camera roll .
arrume o agitar , forum isso esta otimo .
too many connection issue .
very slow to load program . sometime notification be not work . use lumia 640 .
people will always keep intouch with each other through wechat go wechat go .
i just want snap chat like seriously window that hard to ask for ?
this app be great ! i love that i can connect and share with my chinese friend !
only use case . mafia city lmao benzaninja hoo ha hi ehh wa !
i can not install this app while before i could , always display the error code or warn 80073cf6 .
please update to window 10 mobile , have uninstalled and instal few time , after few day usage app start to crash and can't open anymore , than i need to uninstall and install again to use . please update , thank .
it's ok , but why i don't have the new update !
need an update .
good app .
very good but the person be talk to cannot hear me .
please update .
very nice .
no audio .
very good .
how ca i send video .
if you forget the password for the wallet and try to reset , the ui will get stick on the validation process . it keep state the system be busy .
very good .
why this go up ? . thank . mohammad bardestani . w . saiteman . mihanblog . com .
difficult ui .
don't receive any conformation sms .
awesome one !
other one can not hear my voice when we use video chat .
like it but no wallet for window , version .
i've be use this app for over 3 year , through 3 window phone and an old iphone . and i still have to keep my old iphone , just for wechat ! please add the long press translation feature . this the app be great , but not format well enough for the window phone . over 650million active user daily . we really need this .
no sound in voice call and video call .
how can i delete my account ?
restor my wechat .
take forever to load , crash , crash and crash . search message , crash .
we chat make my phone hang . whenever i get a call from we chat friend . unable to receive and answer and also unable to hang the call also . whole phone it make hang . plzz fix it asap . my phone be window phone8 . 1 .
nice and workable application i love it .
where be the uwp version anyway ? you show a work version of it way before window 10 be out . and we haven't hear anything about it ever since . please bring the uwp , the current version be really old and way behind this of other platform .
mosty guy on here . don't go on . all they want be sex .
i want to delete my wechat .
pretty good .
so nice app .
i cant update to the newest version .
it's pretty good .
i can't find anyone close to me .
nice one .
wechat take about 25 40 second to open since one of the later update . so i uninstalled it and try to reinstall it . it cannot be reinstall . it seem to install fine , then when it get to the restore user data step it fail 100 with error 0x8103010f . i try switch from sd to phone storage and reinstall , same issue . be happen for about two day now . wish i could use wechat but need to use alternative until this be fix .
laggy and always force close . if you really care please fix it .
i need a new version .
awsm app .
be cool the app .
would be great if push notification work . i message friend and they never receive it until they open the app . please fix !
it's one of the best apps in the store have alternative feature for entertainment . i really enjoy it .
very goog .
you can't send lucky money , you can't even receive lucky money cause language be not support . can't open voice message . the others can't hear you on video call . when read a long post , it will crash after few page . i appreciate your effort to make wechat available for wp . but do it properly please guy !
wait for update just like android and ios have . last update on 24 08 15 . it's too long .
take time to load after update . please fix .
its load so slow at the earth . it take about 1 minute and more to get in . but once it get in . it be smooth and fast . please fix for the slow load .
very easy connection but sometimes i can't hear the voice message .
super ! can not live without it once you start use it .
very2 lag . please update .
impossible to delete account ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
have always be a solid performer , but with the latest version of window 10 mobile , after the first sign in , after exit and reopen the app , it'll force close at the startup screen .
it become sluggish on my new lumia 950 . few optimization would fix this .
update it , why be when it come to wp .
the app load slowly , please fix it .
i'm glad to have it on here .
so bad only nasty men .
since i have change to window 10 , for video , voice call and voice message the microphone isn't habilitate . impossible to have a conversation .
too slow , and crash many time if i install it on sd card , fix this problem pls .
very nice app much better than kakotalk !
doesn't show notification unless click into app . that's annoy .
very good .
mto bm .
always crash im use nokia lumia 520 .
please keep develop the universal window app version of wechat . moreover , try to improve battery performance . currently this app top in battery usage . and , please consider integrate into people hub and message ! finally , we the universal version be publish , please make sure it's fast , not laggy !
love it !
too slow . i dont know if its because i add many emojis . picture quality be reduce ! fix this . where be voice call ! if others call me i can even hear myself i . ! new ui be good though . cost too much battery . can't scroll back to see chat history when its too long . and can't jump page too . i can hear noise when use earphone .
aswome app .
0 star , when i call i be they can't receive the call , when they call i be don't receive even a ring . what to rate this app , regard msg and voice message any other messenger would do , why waste 24mb for that , i don't know what's the problem . window phone app developer don't update thing , store contain lot of apps which be , though some good apps be there , but this be window phone atleast to keep up the name they must improve .
need update .
the latest update v6 . 0 . 6 . 3 have slow the app terribly . it literally take up to a couple of minute to open wechat . my friend be face the same problem after the update . also , the absence of wechat pay option be annoy .
i be ban and i've never use this app ever .
very sluggish and slow despite of high speed internet connection .
i keep on receive notation device out of storage from wechat and cannot access wechat to clear up some unwanted message to make space for future storage .
love it ! fun fastest connection with whole world for free !
work for a while but then photo dont want to load and you have to reinstall it to work right . also miss option on window phone compare to iphone .
drain battery too fast , like 10 per hour when forget to exit with screen off . do not support transfer chat history through local wifi , while android version do not support transfer chat history through cloud . what the hell be you guy think about .
just so .
snap chat be better .
it's cool but need a important in reward this all reward not useful give a case balance in free charge .
great product but way behind android and ios . please update the app for window . thank you . also , the camera will not initialize with window 10 preview on the lumia 1520 .
so many feature not available and since you've earn so much money why don't you find a uwp group ?
very useful i love it .
i love we chat .
great application .
startup be so slow !
it work more and more slowly .
shake be not very good tool to connect .
lot of people be use 10 mobile build so update wechat to 10 os because it's doesn't work properly to 10 .
wechat be one of the best application available . unfortunately the wp version of the application be miss important feature i use to use on my android phone . such as translate message and the wallet , which be very important when you live in china and can't read the language really hope they would update this app so i could recommend window phone to my chinese friend .
excellent but need to send video .
it work but it lag . i want feature to respond from the notification .
best app for chat .
where be the wallet on wechat for window phone ? !
wonderful apps for communication in every aspect .
not go well with lumia 640xl .
app load always stick at the splash screen very long . answer video call also affect . please add in chat translator function as well .
until i can translate text like in android app . i will never give 5stars .
i'm chinese , you can join me , 8613203856103 . i just like girl .
nice and very cool app .
just not enough people near me .
gr . it be weat , very convenient .
very good .
, but right now concern about privacy issue .
this app be a !
not bad work fine .
add me .
can't logout . why ? .
it be a good app and i give it a 4star . but i have only one problem with it . when i open the app it always take sometime . about a minute to open plz fix that .
some feature still miss compare the other two version .
quite a laggy startup . would be nice if launch could be faster . cannot change notification tone .
real grate app .
can't open at all .
it's just be a while since i download this app , but so far so good .
n o encontra os contatos .
awesome tool !
first thing you need 5 star for the app . like everybody do . 2nd thing for that you need to improve . 3rd thing be that firstly you make this app open fast . it take too much time for open . 4th thing be that secondly add audio send option . much need . 5th be that i kindly request you guy to add these two feature very soon . i mean the come update .
hope can have china version feature like other china wechat .
very slow load and battery eater .
there be weird men tat keep comment when i do that shake thing .
fix startup time .
slow connection .
why can't work on video call under wechat ? can it fix it ?
its ok but its hard to find people .
app have many bug and keep crash with video and voice call .
i this aap not have important option near by add this option plz make better than anroid .
wechat wallet doesn't work in the english version . if you put it in chinese it only work half . it do not allow you to connect your bank account with the wallet because you cannot enter letter in the id part . super annoy . in china you need to be able to use the wallet . please fix it or reply asap .
not work .
it's really good so far .
good stuff .
i need help too change we chat id .
load time superslow on lumia 920 .
five star .
damm ! not send the verification code to start it .
emoji's be awesome , and the walkie talkie be cool . keep up the good work .
parabens amei emogis perfect .
need improve please .
lag but work good . thank .
laggy , overheat the phone , and drain battery in the background even background task be off in wp8 . 1 and w10m . take forever to start up . hopefully we can get an app overhaul and a universal app for w10 soon .
its good .
since about a month i be not get any notification . message be only receive after open the app ! please fix this !
i can't find any american friend on here . i'm in the tampa region and all it keep show be 4 or 5 people all of them chinese or japanese . be this what this app can do then i probably don't want it .
after clear cache of my wechat id , i cast open the wechat app . when i open wechat my phone get hang . fix it .
nice app .
very good .
window version of wechat be a piece of h ! t . no build in translation , keyboard suck , doesn't learn from previous chat . android version be far superior .
nice app .
sir mam can u help me fix such what i'm encounter . godbaless .
i like it good apps btif we could send video then it would be better like android .
yet to learn all feature .
always break down when i open an official account .
not open at all .
make video call available ! soo far behind the ios and android version .
and just work .
fantastic social medium ! i find a lot old friend who , already sign up a long time , and we share our memory and discuss what's new , oh gorgeous ! the customer represent be always surprise me , so sweet . i hope they have a good time talk with me about my little problem . i do , appreciate their hard work and friendly help .
can't send video .
the phone be always freeze everytime i open image people send to me in the chat . it's be like this for over a year now and it's infuriate .
a vere good app .
this app use the old window phone design language . please update this app for a smoother , comfortable chat experience . drain a lot of battery .
4 star .
great app !
all the function be good but if you guyz add a translator like android and ios , it will be better . thanku .
where to wjst . now nowhere to go bite up .
how do yall even work wechat .
awesome , me love .
only 20 km .
totally cannot compare with adroid .
1 . unreliable push notification . it never notify me new message until i manually open the app . 2 . always one step behind when come to new release it be very annoy when it tell you to update to use the new feature but window update be not release yet or full of bug .
after update it's crush every time . and its become to slow while type . please fix the problem . it's too much disgust when it automatically close .
won't update on brand new 640 xl , keep say error 80073cf9 , try 30 time already !
it die several time in a few month . i have to install again . everything get lose again . also , its start time be longer than 15 second now !
this be bad enough . please have an update for it . it take so much time to open this application and this slow down the ability of us to reply a message in an emergency .
the best chat app ever on window phone . one thing i wish to get fix be the call ring sound when phone be put in silent mode .
keep up the good work .
constantly fail to receive video audio call and fail to start new call , please fix !
brilliant and awesome .
it doesn't have group video call .
not get the verification code .
my favorite app .
always update .
this be awesome .
video call do not work sometimes . u can make it better .
annoy ! can't understand why many people use this . i have to install wechat because i need to contact those who only use wechat . otherwise i'll never use this inconvenient application !
very confuse function , nothing in comparison with fb and what's up . only use this for share moment , very limit , with people can't use fb .
why do it take forever just to open this app ?
i like this app , it work perfectly and have no problem . but it have poor ux .
good app .
it's a really good app also very useful app i love it .
take too much space .
hideous invasion of privacy , all kind of junk mail , and too much app storage space . uninstalling .
all it be middle eastern send you dick pick and video call you to on camera , or ask you to help them come to america . i've even receive video of people say my screen name and do weird fetish . this one guy even suck himself off and tell me he want me to him in the ss . i'm a girl btw .
not get the people near by while shake . previous version be best .
can't send file .
this be my favorite messenger app .
tam on .
why i can't video call in group ?
omg ! i just cannot believe how long it take each time for the app to open ! it have be work fine until i update . please fix it !
good app .
soyabkhatri32 gmail . com .
why be there so many arab .
no use with this app now . where be bottle drift ?
it's really nice .
well think out app , some feature not intuitive .
it suck because people i don't know what leave me the hell alone an keep mess with me talk an send me sexal thing .
well make but convey a lot of inappropriate content .
wechat the best of the best chat site , very nice wechat more then 5 star .
it work !
chinese app .
why window phone can't post message only . hope this issue will be solve by window phone soon , wake up microsoft .
super slow in start crash all the time .
make us happy . thank you wechat .
please fix this ! video call on wp7 y its not available . tsk i hate it .
very poor and irritate , every alternate day i need to uninstall n reinstall again . for window phone it suck .
please change the ui on the next update . the ui should be like window ish not a regular wechat ui you see on many android phone .
nice one .
nice one .
haven't get to use it yet .
good app . but one problem , in no online feature . this be very big problem , plzz add online option for make better app .
i don't like one think on microsoft phone don't have directly translator like on iphone have when someone type you in chinese you tap and can translate so pls make translate on microsoft phone .
not support for wp v7 . 8 , upgrade please .
i love wechat . because i can do everything on wechat . pay bill .
it's really a good app .
great app but doesn't allow but 4 city in my state . city i dont live in at all . all you get his a bunch of child predator from other country send you inappropriate picture .
when i try to login wechat account . it be indicate that this be an unofficial version . i need to submit request to verify my identity . i have make several attempt . it still do not work .
very good .
just wanna give 1 star , no reason .
pretty awesome .
tell me why . i can't forward voice message .
it's not work in window 10 properly . every time try to call someone it's say restart the app or try again . if the call receive then the app go off that ls suck do something .
very bad in open session . slwly run but it can me make up but no rotation on the screen this be really ridiculous . please fix the prblm qick .
please add password lock .
not very good on window phone without internet . work well with internet connection .
i can't translate use window phone so if you can do something about it will be great . try to get a translator in window phone .
ever since the v6 update , the bug be now start , like . 1 log me out if you don't everyday view your chat . 2 voice message repair be too late . 3 resume too late . 4 need to login first in the facebook connect . doesn't auto . 5 orientate my battery while i write the moment . 6 send video be cancel . this be awful . tip no messenger can ever enable us to send video since the latest update .
wack app .
it's not at all private .
very bad !
i cannot set a profile photo . it's the worst app on earth . please fix this issue .
for first instance it work without any hassle . once you exit the app and reopen it get stick at introduction picture .
this be not a update app for lumia 710 .
wechat be a battery hog , functionality be inconsistent across platform and upgrade be not really upgrade . it's download a new app that wipe out favorite , sticker . boo hiss ! please fix . also list the fix so we know what we're suppose to be get .
too slow .
so nice .
it's good .
i would like to give it five star to support the development of window phone app .
very good .
could be better , could be worse . people be right though , filter content need . like i'm tire of see people greet me and shiz . but i do like it . it just have some load problem for message retrieval recievance .
its awesome if only u stay in a good area .
good helpfull .
it's get longer to open it . what's the problem ?
on the whole a really great app . try it .
please fix these bug . always crash when load photo album . only show half my moment and i have to click my profile in order to see the rest . animate sticker stop move after i re enter a chat .
when can we have wechat pay ? wp version be so far behind still !
can't send video from gallery .
fantastic app , but take too long to load on window phone . this pal in comparison to other chat apps .
terribly slow on lumia 820 . it take like a minute just to open !
only some location issue .
update . please !
i love wechat , . but the window version be very obsolete , it doesn't support many feature like the ios version or android version . please improve it .
the worst msging app . its more website than application , which be ironic at some level . take a lot of time to load . new msg appear only 10 20 second after the sound and notification . this have be the problem for a long time now . they really didn't take this development for wp seriously . this be embarrass .
this be the worst thing ever make .
push notification get problem , open app slowly .
do not support latest chat log migration .
must use for find new friend .
love this app .
the resume issue be terrible , after test only this app get this . please fix it .
great idea , badly implement . another example of lazy chinese program . when will chinese take pride in their work ?
in general a good app , although there be a bunch of thing to improve fix the emoticon , they be not consistent across platform . also , a way to disable the notification when open the app would be nice it's super annoy when the ringtone be silent but wechat still play the notification sound . also , a faster startup would be nice it's really slow compare to whatsapp .
good for find nearby .
please add text converter chinese to english language . ios android hv it .
it's a great popular app , but in window phone be miss some function in comparison of ios and android . it also take too long time to load in wp . up to 2 minute to load . my other apps load fine in my mobile .
great for chat with friend and easy to use , just wish they have a couple of small feature like confirm that your message be see by specific people and use the phone camera software when use the camera button in the app .
thank for support wp8 . 1 !
no wallet function on window , so many group will not let me join .
need update ! very show when enter . please fix the problem !
good application .
crash , load slowly .
it's awesome . thank you .
nice app but need online status of user and in chat need write status . pls add these option to get 5 star .
good one .
it's not allow me to change my profile picture .
nothing good simply not work on window 10 .
can't share vids , which be the down side . please enable share vids like before .
very gud one .
i want translator in wechat .
hello , i have experience many problem while try to migrate wechat log from wp 8 . 1 to my android device . basically look impossible to keep my log because once upload in server i can't restore my chat history in 5 . 0 . 2 android device . pls provide with a window phone to window pc backup solution to solve this , many ppl use this app on various device !
slow n unresponsive .
open the app be too slowly and it doesn't have many function as android and ios and the update be too slowly as well .
all good except for the miss translation feature like in android and ios .
a nice , simple way to keep in touch with friend and family around the world .
the app keep force close itself .
when i want to change the background , this app will crush . please fix this bug !
it's a very good app . but i can't share any kind of music or video . pls solve the problem .
load very slow when startup , please fix it .
this be a wack app . every one . be far away . and the lady want talk . wack .
can't wechat be update in window phone ? i can't send file through my wechat .
lack translate option and wallet .
it need a lot of space , but it have notification now , that's a good thing .
love . it .
nothing be new there .
just fine .
malware everywhere . fix it please .
suck . start to block message even when chat friend have accept one as a friend . we chat should add a confirm button to ensure one do not block friend accidentally . esp . when fall asleep hold a smartphone .
wechat offer be not real . thay be dump .
slow response .
as long as i use this application be good .
love it .
facebook killer .
good app .
great app .
pioneer for better feature .
keep crash on my lumia 1020 . latest os . try reinstall , same .
36 second to load from the splash screen to the main menu , from the past two year it load faster than whatsapp even on 512 mb device . once its fix , i'll change the star .
phone get hot .
ios and android version both have build in language translation capability , the wp version need to catch up ! 2 star for the wp version , 5 star for the android and ios version .
my batery drain fast and its take forever to on .
awesome app !
nice . totally enjoy .
great d .
it's nice to meet people around you .
not a great app .
cox n dix .
i can't find my wechat app ! it's instal on my phone but i didn't see it in my menu . can you please tell me what be the problem ?
its okay but need fix bug when open moment picture .
top pe hai yaar .
wechat be our chat .
please add the translate option in chat and also improve the notification feature . it really get annoy sometimes .
great app , but notification be not work .
can't open it . try reinstall 3 time ! waste of my time .
it's good different .
i can't download it tell me invalid code .
crash more and more . i don't expect the same feature as iphone or android , but please just don't crash .
this be future of chat . amaze app .
cant download the app .
much better than other similar application . number one without doubt .
nice network .
hang a lot .
the video talk doesn't work well .
not to bad .
good app only need wallet service .
it take more than 5 minute to login . please fix it .
inner cycle open to all ? hehe .
closest person be half way across the country ? !
gud app for call chat . vedio .
can't sign up too bad .
i can't show on people nearby .
all of a sudden it doesn't want to load on my window phone . be work before .
i like wechat very much .
update please . it's out of date .
it be the best chat platform , its by mistake i be un install the application . please help me to download this application .
it's a great app , but there be many feature you can not use on wp that's bad !
excellent work .
perfeito falo direto com o meu amor .
amaze app ! it take only 48 second to load this , every time .
simply awesome . more backup option would be great .
please improve overall .
overall functionality be ok but over time become really slow to start . take at least 5 to 8 second to start its so annoy .
it be a great app can't wait for window 10 version !
excellent work .
so far okay app . crash on occasion play moment and listen to audio message . wish it could translate message on the fly , instead of copy paste into a separate application .
can't delete the useless wechat account .
i really like this app .
duh best cool app .
this app be suck .
lumia 1020 win 10 mobile cant send photo in wechat .
unlike other apps this app allow us to share pic . comment , like , etc .
it's the one that come with the phone so i use it but its the same as the rest .
love this ! it be so easy to chat with everyone !
would be great if it work . i accept the call and the app freeze . totally useless .
after the recent update it either crash or take too long to open . it's frustrate .
4 star . video upload option need .
aft latest update the application be not at all open . plz fix it asap . ! very fast .
shake isn't work , even after turn on the location service but still ask me to turn on the location . even after so many update , the problem still occur .
good but need more user from all country . to chat .
after the recent update , it crash many time .
very good .
an excellent social app . sign up an account and start connect with friend .
too slow .
need to be update and match with android's feature pack 6 . 2 . 4 version . this be way behind . kodus for make it work in egprs edge data conn though .
still slow after update .
verification code always not exist .
so slow .
the best thing since slice bread .
no translation feature in window .
unable to install after 6 . 06 . 106 update . developer please check .
unblock do not work in 6 . 0 . 6 . 2 . i put a group member who be not a friend in the block list . after i unblock him , i saw unblock successfully message . but in reality , he be delete from the group . so don't try block in wp .
why i can't open my wechat .
this app be good .
can't access to gallery to change my profile picture . please fix !
its ok .
when chat cannot space down , camera cannot focus and detect take the photo .
latest version unable to recognize or handle pdf attachment . both wp and some version of android affect .
thank for new update . everything seem work more stable and better .
i instal and within 24 hour i have a request to accept a friend who's profile pic be of what i assume to be their penis ! some chat app this be . it's just a front for the real content .
wechat be a fun and easy way to chat , connect and share . please keep those cute sticker come !
love it .
it's really great . thank tho the administrator to provide this .
slow and laggy . please fix . thx so much !
no wallet service .
cool apps .
it be so awesome that u cloud chat to someone .
it work great and it have some cool option but i live in pennsylvania usa and all the people i find especially the people nearby game be from the middle east or asia ? i mean the app say get location from my gps and than say that a person from iraq be 12 mile away . same with everything else like drift bottle , ect . it's really cool to talk to some one from another country but this app be completely lose ! lol but i know you guy will fix it up , nice work and if you get that fix than this thing rock ! great job !
great but i can't find the game .
great application .
it be awesome to use we chat to communicate with friend and family .
can't even get into the support team of wechat on delete my account .
wechat on window really suck . you can't translate nor use the wechat wallet . please do something about this .
wechat dev team , please add search function for message as well . keep up the good work ! love it .
it's good .
phenomenal app ! end up download because a friend recommend it to me and i now prefer it over a majority of the messenger application on the store . the ui be simple and responsive , the app have video call , voice call , walkie talkie , group chat , etc . i highly recommend this app to anyone look for an all in one type deal .
lot of bug i uninstall and reinstate this app but still close without warn please fix .
its awesome .
i hate it a week after i get the app my phone have be virusing like ah mother do not get this app .
crush from time to time so i need to reinstall it often . very unstable . new function update at least two week later than on android of apple . i don't know if it's because it suck itself or window phone system suck . probably both .
this be . i skip the option to notify my contact abt my newly create acct . but they be still notify . privacy be lose . also crash on lumia630 right on startup .
nothing to say .
we chat .
pro . honestly , to me , it look better than the android iphone ui . i like the dark theme . everything be just as smooth as it should be . crons . force close crash when resume . and this happen quite often . i would give 5 if this bug be fix .
best app have many good feature .
very good .
not able to make voice call use wifi , over cellular data work .
can't select screenshots .
need rotation . please .
cool apps .
me encanta esta aplicasion .
doesn't work with my wifi no more .
terrible high battery drain phone can be use only few hour . need a bugfix asap . notification problem window notification be not sync with wechat notification and , most of the time , you will get the new message only when open the program . all of this force me to use an android phone . i'm in china and wechat be use by everyone . window phone 8 . 1 lumia 830 .
i'd mzhm cu .
i can not connect to another contact .
unable to download picture or upload photo . bad application .
why do it keep crash ? on my lumia 640 as soon as i open it , it crash !
80073cf0 mistake .
unable to log in on a smart phone without sms .
do not allow user to delete account once be set up .
unable to upload pic .
xbbqvhsbcs hdbggs . vxcjjncscn .
try my new app hintr by arif danial ! d .
app have be run horribly slow on my lumia 1520 .
great app .
please add region filter for shake . i cant even find my people in shake , always another country .
love it .
perfect to make friend !
not connect to call .
voice message send under speaker mode have no sound , but work fine with earphone plug in . everything else work as expect .
will the full lineup of emojis ever be support ? get sick of this limit emoji situation dude .
why the fvck should i post a picture whenever i want to post something on moment ? . this really annoy me . i just want to post a simple quote without post a fvcking picture .
enable auto translate like in android .
good app .
people nearby option be not come in my window phone suggest me .
for few day wechat stop work in uae .
it do not recognize somalia international call standard . please correct this .
this be a amaze app i recommend it but u still don't like the fact snapchat be on here can i plzz add it .
can use speaker .
i'm happy .
i can't connect now i update it . too much bad . don't download .
this must be the worst chat app .
a shabby app for silly people .
miss wallet function on english language set . highly annoy ! i have test both ios and android version and they have wallet function in english , which work perfectly well for foreigner in china so why not window phone ?
only problem be there be no translate option .
always crash and loggy during incoming video call and voice call when the phone in sleep mode , cannot answer the call any more .
my wechat app crash between update .
i don't like this app bye .
pretty cool app . lot of feature and great interface !
this app suck when i put in my number it say it's incorrect .
most function be not available and too much crash . please upgrade wechat for window phone 7 .
need to be update with android .
can't add nee contact . all direction in correct . no translation .
nice good luck .
decent interface , but totally useless . so confuse why this be rat well . have nothing to offer , you will not make any connection .
won't let me download wechat . 6 . 0 .
it realm suck .
i love the app for have people to make a group chat or just socialize with others . the only thing that i do not like be the shake feature because if you be a male you would get a random female person , and if you be a female you would get a random male person . my point be , it should be diverse have a random female and male person . but other than the shake feature , this app be great .
i don't receive notification when app be on in background . help !
not good enough .
shake not good . i just shake people around my country only .
its good to meet new ppl around .
love use this app .
not stable on window phone .
awesome app . plz give an update . it's force close in my phone . be work great but not now . plz give an update .
screen doesn't rotate .
we need to change our priority there's too many minority's in my water park erik cartman . seriously guy if i want to talk to a terrorist i'll try my best . really smh .
best massage app , great feature .
i'll give it 5 if it's give the language translate option in next update .
it take longer to load after the most recent update . sometimes won't open when tap the push notification .
the latest update be all your update be to make this app occasionally crash in wp .
5 star .
why cannot see other people moment in moment .
i dont lyk the fact that you cant translate onchart like with other platform on android and ios .
no tutorial to set up an id and can't add friend .
video call and voice call be not work .
battery drain so much and want translator in chat box . you should give this option to us .
wait sms for a lifetime .
add video share plz !
always up to date n cool for free recharge .
this app have help me stay in touch with family friend when travel in asia and europe .
i like we chat .
can't play or listen voice message on nokia530 phone on latest wp update .
nice app but can any one say how to use translation in window version ?
very good very international .
thank a lot .
good app , but still many feature be useless .
it's good and all but it load pretty slow need to be faster .
finally , i can watch video in moment again . good job .
lag and slow refresh .
please l can't receive any massage please update it to window 8 . 1 .
wechat be the best . so good that i could never get the sms verification code . i'm still wait for the code which mean i be not able to create an account .
first of all . this . great app ! its work fine on ios android , but clearly the developer never put any effort into the wp version . we dont get function like wallet when user on other platform do . it be also very slow and unstable , sometimes the moment wont load . if app developer actually put effort into window phone apps , wp would soon overtake ios and become the best sell phone system ! pls take wp seriously app developer !
why i can't see my own moment . please update . and fix the notification for 8 . 1 update .
a good communicate apps within many marvelous function .
can't verify the account , please fix and update .
no notification on win8 . 1 , plz fix it !
the app be very slow , take forever to open .
still slow in show notification .
i just download for my wp and doesn't send sms code to even login or to start use app please fix .
this app be the best messenger alternative ! it's very helpful with long distance .
many sticker be cute .
to me this be the best chat n better than the one , easily sign up with your email . but it do have some drawback , if you don't have a front camera you will have to not look at the screen or do your video chat and look at the back camera . other people say on here that they don't get any notification or alert when they get a . but i do maybe its because i my phone be a 635 . wait for that 640 and or the 640xl . so 4 star .
the app for window be way back its ios and android version , still miss allot here . for example one of the miss be the wallet feature in english interface . and many more . other than that i could easily give it 5 star instead of 3 . hope they do the upgrade sooner .
it's really not a good version . why do not even have the block button .
super cool .
can't submit mail . to ensure the security of your wechat id , you cannot change the link for the moment .
do not open .
i can not open the share url in moment !
thank for the great app , but plz allow send video file and play game .
after the update , i cant view moment .
it's good but it don't show quick message as fb and whatsapp do and the shake feature be worst not work show location error .
on window phone it's bad . randomly freeze and corrupt . have to reinstall . there go my chat history . but whatevs .
i love this app . all the feature you could want and i never miss a message . i strongly recommend .
too slowly and auto quit .
nice app . wait new upgrade .
message in a bottle should come back .
add last see feature .
very perfect and suitable for communication .
the best .
no option to delete account . beware .
a disappoint app . it be hard to find friend nearby to make friend . i hope it will be easy to use like zalo from vietnam . now i just want to uninstall wechat .
can't open older moment after the latest update . fix plz .
put a translate in it plz .
very good .
it's so bad that i have to give 1 star for this app to submit my review . this decrease my battery life from 48 hour to only 5 hour . battery usage of this app be very high , don't install this app .
great app but filter in iran . plz fix the problem . and change the server . tank .
nice app good work guy .
nice bt make it more active and fast startup .
unable to preview moment , please fox critical bug .
its stop work after the new update .
pretty good .
this app be great ! thank wechat .
with a lot of connection problem .
nice experience .
please add description for photo .
five star app .
developer please make . 1 . an option to add video from mobile or sd card . 2 . and give an option to save video in sd card . 3 . and an option to text even when we be in video call . otherwise its a great app .
it's a garbage !
can't make or receive video and voice call on wen 8 . 1 please fix it .
most update and useful social app for window phone . thank for the we chat team !
useless app .
i need screen rotation in this app .
it's all good .
work most of the time . lot of crash when answer call . hope devs will fix these issue .
push notification have stop work . but due to excellent staff response to report and issue handle , plus app fluidity , four star be retain .
good app . quality video call and audio call . but need more feature .
update new wechat .
i like the app but i would like to have certain proximity with the search .
i often time don't see my message , the notification be on but don't show up .
rezaulphakhi outlook . com .
cant open application sometimes , live tile be also disable , no way to restore back except to reinstall the application again , which loss all chat and sticker ! , this be 5 th tim i'm reinstall and write this !
realtime notification please , win 8 . 1 .
no notification . plz update .
it's completely crash and unable to upload pic in moment . please try to solve such problem .
shake isn't work !
too slow .
if you like it , if you want a china friend , my wechat .
1192855803 qq . com .
nice app .
why always crash in wp version . many time ! could not be open suddenly !
lot of and no matter how many time i block them , it doesn't work .
very good . i have be use it for an year . no prob what's so ever .
nice nearby search .
i like this app . best part be we can logout as and when we want and there be option to chat with new friend also through people nearby . voice and video call very easy to make . wechat be one of the best apps !
frustrate , after i try to have my account on multiple device , wechat keep say that i have an unofficial product of wechat and my account be ban or close . when i do the verification code process , it say the account doesn't exist .
falta mais pessoas do brasil !
battery get down quickly .
best social app but my country isn't available in this app , afghanistan , kabul .
super , even beat whatsapp , amazingly .
when some body send massage no have navigation .
yes . i get it ! ?
i think its a great app ! my favorite feature be the emoticon , they're so much fun . i also enjoy the walky talky feature . keep up the great work guy m .
very poor application it can not open in my phone .
good excel issue with notification on window phone . no notification unless app be open .
work good , sometimes do not show notification .
notification be not work the whole morning . please fix .
no notification in window mobile 8 . 1 update 2 . please fix it quickly .
poor notification . never pop out . please fix it .
dissapointed . can't use over lte on window phone .
great message app .
suck . sometimes i can't open it i can't download a new sticker . but pretty good for chat share a photo . do make an update , please . video share also can't .
add my id buixin .
wechat be a fantastic app for communicate with friend from all over the world . it's fast and reliable and easy to use . it's not as robust as some similar apps but its simplicity be a strength . group chat , share photo and voice chat be all very well execute . i use it every day !
love the application ! best there be ! however would love to have the translate feature available on other phone such as iphones . on lumia 930 .
recently super slow . in response . kinda jam up .
cant change profile picture ! buggy .
it's awesome .
awesome ! you get to chat , call , and video call people . for free !
as an overall , it's a great app for chat and have lot of amaze feature , and it's the best . my only problem be that i be never able to make a video call or a voice call . everytime i call someone , or someone call me , i press the answer button , but nothing happen . it stay on the call page , and wouldn't respond unless i drop the call . thank you .
best application .
everything's fine , except there's no way to link the bank card , hopefully this will be fix .
worst app .
pretty good .
it's a pity zero star isn't an option , all this app have be sex craze deprive arab and indian .
interface can be improve .
i can't login .
well wechat be not user friendly .
window phone version doesn't have the wallet version . devs , it's like you don't care about the window phone user . this suck ! other platform have all the functionality and it's awesome but i'm a fan if window phone . this be a big let down .
great app .
i hope the next update will include feature that can minimize on go video call .
please fix the notification .
can not unlink the phone number . very poor app .
my lord .
not good for wp7 .
so far so good better with the latest update 6 . 0 . 3 even though we be behind android and ios they have 6 . 2 . one thing be that notification sometimes fail to notify on my phone . but that be random . other than that good app .
my account be ban because i use unofficial copy ow wechat , which i have download here . seem store distribute unofficial software .
kurang cepat , lola .
better chat app ever but need add live tile contact to more speed thank wechat team .
i love it , it's amaze but the shake feature doesn't work sometimes . it mostly give me no match , lime out of the 7billion people in the work there have to be at least 3 shake their phone .
good , but we cannot delete our account if we wont use it anymore .
no vedio call be present , and also can't do audio call .
it be not properly work in my phone please help me .
it's ok .
d q getz !
why my wechat problem . please update . i cannot open my wechat .
new version us too bad .
notification be slow and sometimes twice for a notification you've already see . and it have happen that the app completely refuse to open it turn dark grey and the only solution be to wait it out or reinstall it , make me lose all my data .
only thing can't send save video in window phone . and pls integrate wechat to people hub .
very good .
super great . love it .
great app ! make it all fun again .
useful app .
good app . but make it better . star video call feature for back camera .
this app just be not work on my phone . it constantly freeze every time i use it pretty much do anything from send a message to look at pic .
you be far better than any other apps . nice audio video performance . keep it up . pramod .
this far better than skype like it .
good improve it much better .
be a cool person .
it give me error unable to open voice note when i send or receive a voice note . window phone 8 . 1 lumia 930 .
very nice .
the best social medium platform on the planet ! the moment feature and the group chat be simply fantastic , and the ui keep improve . i love wechat !
always crash in window phone . all my history be go always . i need a way to get this resolve .
it have some bug fix . fix it show chat restrict .
good app , quit work today though . crash on startup every time .
consistently fail to show notification for new message .
cannot install .
good to be part of these .
it show in store that wechat be instal where as it's no where in my phone .
nice app , but there be no notification alert on win8 . 1 and be extremely slow to start . almost 1 minute to be fully charge and usable .
cannot send video .
it take a long time to load new message .
cannot sign up with 855 71 in cambodia .
improve the app .
i be a chinese and i want to make american friend if u have the interest please add me at v jack zhu thank !
i think it's awesome .
waste of time . there be no active user .
can you make be you can't sign up with your phone number , or let us change you wechat id . pls . !
awesome ! .
i hate this app . i personally wouldn't even give it one star but i have to for rat purpose the only reason i get this wasteful app be because i be sort of force to do so . not only do i want this app permanently delete from my phone , i also want it go from any email and phone number use to install we sh
it have a bug .
very well .
this app download and then mess up my phone .
keep update .
app be good . but i cant find a way to share video . if anyone know how to share video . plz help .
my love .
need update .
chat review must be able to retrievable page number , it's too difficult to scroll all the way to the begin , each scroll can only get around 6 line of chat .
guy please get the conversation scroll bar back through which we can view past conversation quickly and effortlessly . with out the scroll bar it take age for us to browse the past conversation and memory . so please get that feature back so that it would be helpful to so many people like me . hop the best from you . thank you !
where's the broadcast option . !
there isno send option brodcasting messege as well as for wechat team .
nice app .
it's so much fun .
do not have the ability to share video .
try to complete my profile , say to ensure the security of your wechat id , you cannot change the link for the moment . apparently the previous owner of my number register an account with wechat and hasn't use it in a while . be there anyway for me to unlink my number to that previous account ?
need status , show online of user . please ,
server block in iran .
good app and work well .
take too long to load the moment and buggy .
cant connect in lte model .
great app . to be the best it could have the time stamp and those warn of people write and message read . it'll be perfect !
love it . but you can do it better !
my moment notification doesn't work and the sync to fb thing doesn't work . hmm please fix it then 5 star will be give .
no wallet .
add some offline online sign mode its mean account be activate or not because many account be deactivate . it's too slow and network problem . call disconnect sudden . add some music file option and notification problem and voice message only 30 second please fix it .
i cannot sign into my account because i have to verify it . i can select my friend photo but cannot press ok . it's at the very bottom hide behind the refresh and next bar . fyi have a microsoft 640 .
it's good for user's .
no language translator for window phone .
crash this unexpectedly , plz fix it soon for wp8 . 1 .
nice ui , nice feature unfortunately my friend barely use it .
khong co phan mem dich giong nhu asus .
it's a great app ! great way to keep in touch with close friend and family !
great app . thank .
keep crash on window phone .
a bite buggy at time on wp but still set the bar for mobile message .
where be the drift bottle .
awesome to awesome .
love this app , be an avid user . i'd give it 5 star but within the last couple month , the app have go idle . the tile go dark and wont open . i have to uninstall reinstall it every time , and i lose all previous chat and setting . n2m the notification dont always come thru . overall tho , its easy to use and i like it .
minus one bcos of load slow on my lumia 535 .
now i understand why people say suck .
doesn't work on the lumia 640lte as the verification system be nonfunctional , just get a black square .
to many people keep ask me for nude an other stuff . plus there be weird people on her . i don't recommend it to anyone specially girl . i give this app an f .
can not launch on wp10 .
i really like use this app . it work really well , but i've have to uninstall and reinstall the app twice already in just three day . simply because it gray out and won't let me open the app unless i uninstall and reinstall . than it work really well again .
es lo mejor en video llamadas por telefono .
xk no me mandan el codigo .
not work ! i see the message invalid number or invalid account to the facebook login !
junk app . the proximity factor be way off . people live 60 mile away be show up as less than 200 meter .
landscape mode ?
only battery issue , it consume lot of power .
need update .
very good .
. i cannot access with my window phone . it keep tell me to update .
it be easier than skype .
shake seem hack .
very poor quality , the location which it's take be too far away from actual current location .
this version of wechat be bad . it run into a state that i couldn't open anymore . i have to reinstall it , but that cause me lose chat data . this happen twice to me within a week . another problem be i can't open some moment picture , but i can open them from iphone device . please fix these asap . then i can give back 5 star rat .
it's very good .
need translate option .
i cannot translate conversation . mine be window 8 . 1 .
love it .
good work .
one of the best app .
i use this app on my window phone and everything work 100 . thank .
after recent update , some picture in moment unable to view , totally black , and please add feature for wp user to post status in word .
very nice .
video call be not clear . and my cam be perfectly fine .
it's unique lol to many asian .
this be the worst app i have come across , due to this app , i be go to loose my hard earn money , because i lose the chat history and could not retrieve it back . same old chinese cheat concept .
new material design be very good . only need a game like android and ios .
por favor atualiza esse aplicativo ficar sumido sozinho .
better than line .
need to update to be up par with ios and android .
no method to delete account !
i've stop use wechat because it drain my phone battery a lot in the background . please fix this issue . i have to restart the phone after i open the apps to prevent it drain my battery .
an option to select a specific country for search for people would've be cool . as for now , you're only able to search for those in your vicinity .
i only speak english i don't know what i'm get and i put girl only i get everyone .
slow , no notification .
notification not show in system set .
it be really cool but it take me 2 day to figure it out .
for chinese , wechat be whatsapp line skype not really . everybody use it . for people learn chinese , definitely you should give this app a try and add some native speaker .
app suck only asian an fake .
try to do a qr barcode scan with the app just result in an error state you have the wrong version and offer a non functional download link .
this it doesn't even work waste my time .
awesome app !
i just wonder be the distance correct or what ?
i can't log in with fb or phone number it refuse the sms code .
really need a translator .
cannot get update and can't use the app any more .
i love this app .
better than bbm . problem with notification . no notif that show that i have new message . but when i open app , new message be come .
i can't sign up in iran . f fix this bug .
great app but need some change like a help section where to consult what do some icon be etc .
what the f k ! i always get people from china . whenever i shake .
add russian language please .
cool app .
it's unbelievable this app do not have the option to block anyone . even when i delete some of my contact i continue to receive message of them . it suck .
i can't save video .
live tile get stick and no notification come after 54 unread message .
view chat history be a nightmare , completely difficult ! it's best i can download the chat history to text file , otherwise please bring back the previous feature where read the chat history in horizontal scroll .
not work anymore .
ios and android have more feature . please add all miss feature .
superb design .
no one use this .
can't load any message until reinstall .
i use this app everyday . it do its job . but i hate the green color and i wanna be able to change the bubble chat color .
very interest app .
great app , love it .
thank you !
need a way to identify if the other party be actually get call request . now it ring even when the other user be offline .
it be a really great and amaze app . but , stranger have be try to contact me , and have be send inappropriate content for me i'm 11 !
after the last update it's doesn't work .
no voice ? what ! please fix it asap .
update plz .
super awesome app bt have limit emoji , try it .
it will uninstall automatically and i hav to download again and again . pls fix it !
we can get video call also .
nice ap . i can make more friend from here , . and nice option to make friend via shake or drift bottle . this be totally different than other social apps . my we chat id ajaymeledath . if you be look for an friend please add me .
wechat moment font background color be black but foreground color be grey , the . contrast be too low to read .
this version of wechat have issue with my htc 8x wp8 . 1 , it wouldn't start after a few day use . icon turn to gray . this happen a few time now . a reinstallation be need in order to make use of the app , and of course all the message be lose after reinstall .
this app be the worst app i have ever see its suck they dont want you to login into in cuz the phone they be invalid that's so stupid to say .
its just brown people and asian .
load longer .
very nice communication tool in china .
not bad .
this update be . skip this one . fix the voice issue .
one of ma fav app . lot f new friend .
always bug .
its hard to get people in tucson .
so amaze program . i love it .
can't send voice message can't play voice message pls fix it .
awesome app .
great app .
still not able to send a pre record video . why . why .
i love it . could help if it get arabic in the list of language . you gotta love those animate emoticon !
great to contact friend from far away .
best app for social medium and customize group that i have run across have be use it for year .
where be the game .
cool app vid good work good wd 7 . 1phone .
use it daily to stalk people around me lol .
never open it when update . hope new update fix it ! it doesn't work now .
zero star . app be not work only . get off every single time .
super functional ! love it .
i would have give 5 if broadcast option be avail .
i can call and text with friend . but it be the slowest on my phone now . i'll wait for twenty or thirty second after touch . make it faster please .
can't link email and qq .
awesome super fun me and my family . love it ! everyone should try .
best than viber , telegram , whatsapp and others .
nice only for adult .
why do i find only chinese people on shake and that too just 5 10 km away from me . please fix this bug .
app suck . cannot make video call at all . even app respond be very slow . frustrate app .
please fix it . slow .
better than before .
how to share a url in moment ? very user unfriendly .
can't login , can't sign up . what's the purpose of this lousy app ?
enjiy the we chat programe .
system freeze often .
very bad .
get no respond at time . it's good still .
its a great app tho . but when view a gif photo , it take a long time to load and sometimes wechat will crash . hope will fix it asap .
wechat , for wp8 sometimes never pop up notification . please fix the bug . if this can be further link to all cloud content , e . g . skydrive , google drive , dropbox , it will again enter into business category to replace skype . if eventually it can have credit for call hp or regular phone , then skype will totally be replace . reason skype grow too slow under giant company .
picture moment quality not same what i upload .
no broadcast option .
its ok .
great app .
please update .
can't change font ?
sound cool , but do iphone 6 have it ? all a my bff's have iphone 6 .
the most complete chat app on window phone !
nice . and also can you add a function to comment the status with photo comment ?
poor app without any game .
very poor app , a lot of bug .
grow app thx for keep up to date !
way no have video call in window phone 7 .
slow startup time lately , but good .
the people on here be disgust and very vulgar . none seem to just want to talk to different people around the world all they want to do be have web sex .
need to improve more .
operate very slow . sometimes app be close auotomaticaly . update and fix it .
can't determine if the user be online or not .
need wechat game .
audio message doesn't work in this version .
load picture slowly and it doesn't support online chat translation like other operate system , android and iphones version .
do everything i want and then some .
most of the time it hang . pls solve dis problem .
no broadcast message yet .
it be a great app to keep in touch with friend .
if you want 2 exceed the block or filter that your government impose 4 the people , learn about vpn's , window phone have the feature natively , or download a third party app such as vpn in touch wich be free for a while , and then , ya follow pay if you like . it will even access social network when they be block at critical time . if want information of how 2 mount an own server , or want learn about backtrack linux , contact me maybe .
my phone get hot ! i'm melt .
crush like a dream .
hello wechat , there a problem on switch camera from front to rear when video call . it freeze when i try to switch to rear camera and it never come back to front . take picture from front to rear be work well . hope you can fix soon .
can't open voice message after update , why ?
need to update timely .
alway crush unopen .
please update . share music n wechat game .
please update this great application with possibility to send video and sound clip will be perfect .
the voice and video call doesn't work when the apps still function . after a few day , the apps can't open , receieved the notification only , nothing i can do . i try reinstate it but it doesn't help much . plz update !
still not very convenient .
it work great w wp8 . 0 , once my icon upgrade to 8 . 11 , it stop work w data , just work wi fi at home .
be good .
eo melhor .
need to improve .
very good . easy for use .
this be the worst app i have ever have nobody should ever get this app .
very good ! five star !
nothing to complain ! keep good work !
i love wechat on windowsphone , faster than on other kind of os , my only problem be none of my friend use this .
poor interface , difficult to use .
can't even unlink my phone number .
slow response when press almost all button , very slow load sometimes stick and lag because load friend's comment at moment . pls update .
great app but i'm currently encounter this bug which be it can't connect to internet even if i have stable and fast connection .
it's not perfect . but i've to use it because it's popular in china .
there should be a game feature for window phone user and please fix the part where you can link your qq account because it won't let me link them together . otherwise it's a great app .
work flawlessly .
need to update !
good for wp .
i cannot use the scanqr code to add new friend and login the web wechat .
melhor de todos .
startup load so slow . pls improve more faster .
perfeito no wp .
the app be absolutely amaze . however , it would have be more entice if it have mean of archive message and security feature of block disrespectful user . otherwise the entire setup of the app be so spectacular . thump up great mishma .
kurang puas .
6 . 0 . 2 . 1 save video doesn't work !
a lot slower in wp . shouldn't update it .
not get the confirmation code .
how to delete my wechat account ?
a bite slow when try to open the moment .
this work great , just as good as skype , maybe better . it's easier on the eye , easier to look at send picture , and the emote be way cuter . i haven't have any problem with the app at all either .
cannot play voice message .
can't connect to internet sometimes .
not much .
flash quick .
the best .
it's a good app .
the launch time be too long , like min 30 second on my 920 , too slow .
5 . 3 have be outdated for a long time . need version 6 . 1 as ios and android !
the best .
weixin mafan .
awesome because i can see my bff now ! who !
what happen to the shake effect . bcoz when i do the shake . all i can see be an advertisement that i don't even understand . pls fix . it . thank you .
last update be nice i can't understand chinese . shake be very rubbish .
a good app but it doesn't work these day . the icon grey out and i can't reinstall it and keep get the error code 80073cf6 !
i like it .
i can't get anything on shake . its show my old friend only .
what the happen with wechat ? shake only show in chinese . everything even msg be also in chinese . like hit by virus .
please help shake option be chinese word fix now .
idiotic app .
i can't use shake . it's go to a chinese website .
currently run slow on my lumia 525 . when type the word appear slowly and lag . should i reinstall or what should i do ?
great app . it look good and most of all perform great . request add video to my timeline . a short ten second video or audio message in timeline would be awesome .
awesome app !
great application , the world be a village near you .
this app be great .
very good .
love this app .
notice some issue after update , the start up for the app slow .
crash in window 10 technical preview for phone .
so lame doesn't let me invite or even message anyone ! about to uninstall .
for some reason im 6 mile away from people in china and i live in colorado this app be useless if it cant determine where you be .
in general the app be quite good ! my wife's be back and forth between the us and china for 2 year so we use this to stay close . the video chat be especially useful when the bandwidth isn't too bad . if i have any suggestion , i would add functionality to show if there be any wechat message on the lock screen . this function be include on my previous android phone , but have not be include on the window version yet . also , if there be a way to delete old unused sticker set that would be great . i'm start to have way too many to sort through . overall , pretty good message app , but a few improvement would be welcome .
good app but crash a lot on window 10 tp .
easy to use .
add me . nameless retard .
can't post a video .
dey s no update m nt able to send sticker .
so good .
suck , don't do it ! malware attach to it .
after the recent update , the start up time of the app be awfully long . maybe in about 15 second or so .
not energy friendly . consume lot of battery in shoot period . also slow and heavy load .
it now have feature like the android version . thank you tencent for continue update this app for window phone device .
good app . please update to support window 10 .
i love this app but i can't log in .
do not have a close account functionality . video say download fail .
awesome app .
very good app .
last update be so bad .
it's fxcking ridiculous , can't receive or send voice message !
i think this be the best app ever , way better than skype . love be able to talk to my friend . but the bad part of it be that u need internet or it won't work very well . other than that it be a five star .
good night .
cool experience .
verify image option hidded behind my key fix this bug on lumia 535 .
the filter be so disgust , plz fix it as soon as .
thank u .
good feature . !
after update the new version it do not work properly . i've decide to uninstall . but the problem be i can't reinstall . it keep show attention require . and there be also some user have this problem and there be no solution yet . hope your team will overcome this issue .
it's bad .
love it . very helpful for long distance relationship .
stop work on nokia 930 .
we need to send video in gallery please help .
not connect from pakistan . love the app , bt i thnk i hv to say gd bye to it ,
its an awesome app , but too many lag and bug .
hell yeah !
so easy app .
not good . no video support for window phone .
awesome , fascinate , great and fantastic app !
update 02 10 2015 i have quit use this app completely due to the notification defect . i be not receive notification for message . i have to manually open the app to check for message . i cannot recommend this app . update 01 24 2015 for the past couple of month this app have be majorly malfunction . it have be , on a very regular basis , fail to give message notification . i have to open the app to manually check for message . i have miss important message because of this . this be a severe defect the render the app pointless . please fix asap ! . there be no auto correct ! how can such a basic feature be miss ? also there should be a way to customize text alert sound .
wonderful and useful chat app . be to use .
i like a lot this app , i can communicate by a simple way and it be easy to use . i recommend this app ! . also in window phone work very well it go very well !
still one of the worst app from the stupid chino guy .
no video snding option need update .
new update have problem , when i chat with friend after some chat msg show user not accept your friend request . i still able to receive msg from his her .
quick and clear .
new update suck my voice and video call be not run . i be face when i update it few day ago .
such a shame . no update . full of bug . laggy . no response from developer . uninstalling even though i will miss it . you guy ruin this app . give better update like whatsapp . see you after that . bye . update review . i download new version of wechat v5 . 4 to give wechat a second try . well . i be convince with the ui design . its eye catch . but the main problem still remain . the app be hell slow even after the newest refine ui . come on developer . you can do better . again uninstalling . give us faster wechat like android and ios . make sure your app work smoothly in 512 mb ram device as well . bye . update the all new wechat be awsome and work like charm even in my low ram device . this be the kind of update i be ask for . 5 2 star . awsome work guy . impress with wechat 6 . 0 .
why for download new need wifi not have wifi .
great app . drain my battery pretty fast but that's the only negative thing i can say about it . everything else be perfect .
moment aren't work .
. no in build translator for window phone .
it have a big bug in this version , tile become transparent , can't open the app , just receive and can't do anything . it should be update soon !
fantastic app .
there be no push notification and also i could not listen to voice message !
the best chat app .
good . but internet in iran be filter please repair wechat for iran . tnx .
these guy be a shame . i cannot log in thru my own phone . they keep send me their access verification code which when i put in say it be expire . i try to scan their qr code but it say not recognize . u guy solve this issue or u will lose all your user , but do they even care ?
it turn to be gray and also could not work after i have to reinstall the app but my chat history disappear .
the best one .
good but can't send video and we can't scroll back the chat history like before .
wechat versi sekarang keren .
fun application and easy to use .
nice app for tp .
my wechate app doesn't not work . lumia 925 . i can't open my apps .
lovely app .
thank for the latest update !
finally it make it to version 6 !
great i love it .
this app need to have a cancellation option .
always reboot itself when i be type , it's rubbish .
after update today wechat be not work it ask login again , i fail to login , try reset till after 4hrs i be not receive verification code . so zero star for this app .
cant install update after the wp update !
i lose all the chat history after an auto update .
still love it .
thank for the great support for window phone !
nice work . work perfectly .
please update the current version . many message from other platform android ios can't view . also lack of sight function . please make it better .
too late notification on win . 8 . 1 please update again .
error code 80073cf9 on window phone .
great for meet new people .
wat be dis ? i cant signup . wen i type in the pswrd . n click next . app force close . utter waste of time . pls fix this .
update please , no video call .
very slow .
it's just awesome . m love it .
really need update sticker be not support for wp .
good aap .
this be amaze ! thank you so much . what would also be great be send short video clip , not as long as the voice clip maybe 10 second at most .
just need to integrate with wp as an alternate default messenger . pretty flippin awesome though !
please update feature like sight same as android and its already in year 2015 , make some change .
! appx . ! win10 !
superb . if online and offline notification be provide it l b more impresive .
best app .
the best .
good but its slow when i open it .
please add this function who be online this function be miss in wechat .
very good !
should have delete account function .
yay . it's bang !
really need a latest version !
great , useful , and fun . my favorite chat app by far and a must for anyone in china or with friend here . can we get an update to version 6 . 0 though ? sight function and option for foreigner to use wallet function please !
this be a great app because you can text anyone who have the same app and have an account . i also like it because you can text for free as long as you have wifi .
use for age of sorcery .
definitely need to fix the battery consumption issue . it's use nearly as much battery in the background as it do when i have it open .
bad app it's not same at android so bad app . she need a million update to be good loser .
have it for 2 or 3 day now and i haven't find a bug or one thing i dislike !
5 . 4 pretty good but please bring back the exist chat history option , need to view old chat quickly like in the old version .
ok nih .
it's be good . but now i can't use it . i can't find it on my phone and if i try to download it from store i can't . it show that need update but if i try to update it couldn't install . so what can i do now ?
great app for communication .
wechat be the best app for find new friend who be nearby to you . i'm love it .
poor performance in lumia 830 .
wp update too slow , after so long still can't view sight . pls update .
so cool .
it's very slow .
can't support window phone 8 . 1 notification .
this app be superb before last update . after update it throw me back to the app list everytime i want to open it . very disappoint . i don't want to reinstall it because i don't wanna lose my chat history . help me . my email id be shashiprakash09 gmail . com .
have a nice day .
so fun !
please help me in iran . it's filter by brother d .
pay more attention .
it's only .
perfect to get in contact with amaze random cool people all over the world !
the best message app by far !
cannot send or receive video or even music link .
love it ! .
no support for micro video almost after half a year since the feature be available on other platform . tencent do you care about window phone user ?
great work in this team app .
i would give it 5 star if we have feature parity with ios and android .
easy to use . powerful function !
very good app .
very useful and good app . but need a couple more option feature 1 . i love the shake option , but please tencent , add a button to look for people . the shake be ok but i don't want to hurt my wrist by shake my smartphone 10 time . another option i'd like to see be the check mark on message because i want to know if my msg be deliver or whatever . again , cool app and i'm still love it .
smtimes its not open in lumia 520 .
how to link whit facebook but still awosome .
i love wechat very much , would be appreciate if wechat can indicate the last see time for friend . thank you !
thnx for be on wp .
not update .
pro . it doesn't require acces to all my contact . that's the reason i use it . con . doesn't integrate window phone ui . contact conversation can not be pin to start screen . it be slower than other message apps . everytime i go back to a conversation app need to do a refresh so i have to wait 2 3 second for show all message .
a trash app , not able to add any contact .
please add call for window 7 . 8 .
i don't have a phone number because i'm a student who need to save money . i can't verify my credential now , so i can't talk to my family anymore .
cannot share a song and cannot share a website page ! . don't have a sight ! no notification ! cannot play game ! fix all these thing please make it as good as ios and android .
more feature pls .
can't send video i've save to my phone . feature be poor compare to whatsapp .
great app , however , a bite of a battery hog .
horrible app need alot more improvement . need more user .
we chat id rg fun .
i would give zero rat bloody hell app totally mobile alot hang about this app .
nice and easy app .
come on ! you could do better !
can't play video well .
excellent app for chat , we have to enter a name for search it show only one id only but in android it show all name . that's the problem in window . if u use to enter a correct wechat i'd in window it show invalid i'd . thats it otherwise i will give 5 .
bye skype . bye viber . enjoy video and voice call . only droback . online list be not see . and read message confirmation be not seenm .
really good apps .
i love it .
please fix it . slow then version .
not bad !
awesome ! the best flexibility and choice ! .
very bad need update .
my camera won't flip no matter how much i push the flip camera icon . phone keep hang up on video call . none of the video chat work well with this phone . stay with i phone where most apps be crutal clear .
amaze piece if software ! all my chinese friend use it .
it suck .
no notification in the app's latest update in 8 . 1 cyan .
awesome app , but please fix the bug on shake . always the same chinese person .
so ugly .
no location service . it suck .
not bad .
it's a very nice app , can chat with lot of friend .
all gud but add zimbabwe .
if any one want video sex add me my id be gatsby45 ! . girl only .
need update .
excellent , i like the design .
no broadcast message .
great social tool .
precisa melhorar algumas coisas .
the latest update work very well so far , excellent work , we chat team .
new update thankfully use a lot less battery . overall a great app for be able to stay in touch with my gf who be study overseas and the sticker be great .
muy bueno .
goofy but useful .
wechat . i face some bug with your app please check the . 1st i can not change the green background of the text or i change the background of chat . 2nd notification not work without any reason . and please . make a desktop or window 8 rt app to be able to run it on my tablet and pc like viber and line . thank you .
i like everything about it , just one thing , can you put action center integration and banner notification for new message because i tend to midas put on new message and whenever i open it again i miss hour on our conversation because i didn't get a notification that he she reply . other than that work great .
need an update asap . it be too laggy . feature be good . but wat be the use if i hav to wait every time i give a command .
hard to use on my window phone .
my walkie talkie be not function .
love to meet new people .
how to send broadcast message . ?
greatest app ever .
still have space to be better .
my phone be equip with a 4g lte network , 1 gb ram or so and not to mention the quadcore processor . just why the hell do it felt like forever just to open my friend message ? c'mon developer , do your work already .
stable in wp8 . 1 thx .
ready too much .
best chat and free internet call app so far . lumia 820 wp 8 . 0 .
great app but my phone get way too hot and cause my battery to drain .
wechat best app for chat .
it's nice apps .
why be there no video support like ios and android ?
love it . do not like talk on the phone til now .
good app .
new update be okk but when others video call come it doesnt ring .
the new version suck because i can't go back very far in my chat history . the old one i could go back and see what i write month ago .
we don't want you guy's to promote other application such as paytm , jabong foodpanda . i have accumulate 140 but can only redeem 50 that too even after use my dad debit card . what will a person will do it they don't have bank account ? previously i be very happy because i be in the position to recharge my sister mobile but not . ooh god ! please remove all this .
bug in shake . china people bug in my mobile .
keep resume when i go back from other apps . even i let it run under lock screen and when i unlock the screen i have to tab and hold the back button to close it and reopen it to get it back on track . i'm use 920t with 8 . 1 preview update for dev . and i can't delete my account . update group chat be save and when i try to delete the thread from message screen it keep warn me the group be not save . really annoy . update what the hell about the user interface design ? how about more windowsphony ? it's all about the ui ok ? don't make it look like ios and android .
really perfect !
cant find phone contact who use wechat ! official 8 . 1 .
please update .
very good .
cool ! i love this app 3 id apenas1 .
consume more battery , please update . other than it everything be fine . thanx .
error login .
nice app ! the new update give it a good look .
no notification and while use this app phone get be very heat . drain lot of battery please fix these bug .
it be very laggy and it move very slow on my phone . and the baterry be get low very fast . please fix this . update please .
great app but compare to other platform lack few feature . like on window phone no option to send video or add video to favorite . please add that . and no translate option available in the chat box . hope to see these feature in next release . good luck guy . !
reduce startup time and add pre record video share .
could be better .
5 star if you fix the lag !
cant share video file on wechat 4 . 5 anymore . very unhappy .
why isn't the app start ? it start u see the wallpaper and it close itself again fixx it i cant take the risk of reinstall it .
. it be all good but now it keep crash , fix please .
great , only wish there be a way to permanently backup our message .
really suck .
need to record more than 30 second of voice .
where be the new update . 6 . 0 .
complete package . better than others .
work great .
very good .
cant make or receive video call . always error . plz help to solve this .
muy buena .
the font be too big when you review the moment .
nice app . but slow messengering .
it's good .
love the new update and ui .
the app just keep restart . i'm use a blu win hd phone on wifi .
great free application for video call . ! . but unable to upload or share video . and audio record quality be very poor . besides , great application .
please do not send me news that we do not want to see . give us some human right .
need last see status like whatsapp . !
nice app .
great app !
crash on my 820 after password reset .
great app .
awesmest app .
good . but , should speed up .
no option to share video .
please improve by introduce message read feature . then this app will be perfect !
awesome ! always use it to talk to my clan from magic realm ! would recommend !
provide language translator .
hy please remove paytm from wechat . directly redeam be better then paytm .
too many werdios ask for sex call .
you can't cancel your account .
cool app .
anytime you shake the phone it show the same person , what's the reason ?
perfect and accurate . bravo .
update please .
nice app .
awesome social network app . with cool animate sticker . a must download app . with free recharge offer .
sic app .
very good .
can't even log in with qq id . fix it .
please return to the past method of roll back for the chat history .
nice neat new ui but voice and video call problem . its do not come out when someone call me . after 5 10 minute its suddenly come out but network error . there be no notification too ! im use lumia 1520 .
so great , thank .
very good .
great app .
muy buena .
awesome app . if you like chinese girl this be the place to be .
it get better .
late push notification and can't pick up voice call if i didn't launch the app at background .
add last see and online option and add the feature of msg send by enter on off option please .
great app .
who design this ugly ui for window phone ? no translation . and it's really ugly ui . you guy should remember it's window phone . change it .
awsme blosom but need some more improvmnt .
feature not up to date compare to ios or android .
newest update make it impossible to go back through message history . before , you could scroll through which page you want , now you can only scroll back little by little 3 4 message at a time .
i dont know why bt i cant call or video call anyone . shitty app .
one of the best message apps i've use !
muito bom .
it simply have too many bug . people nearby function doesn't prove to be functional and shake show the same 7 people , in china , that be 4 mile away . i'm in mississippi . i think this have tremendous potential but not worth download just yet , especially if you'd rather chat with random or new people instead of your personal contact .
beautiful , simple and fast .
plz add message deliveri report like whatsapp viber .
really cool !
muito bom .
new update make it a better one .
i don't get push notification when i get message . fix it and i'll be perfect .
nice and fast chat .
i can't sign up , no verification code .
version 5 . 4 be awesome . good job developer . but i think there's a bug that need to be fix . the video call integration somehow doesn't work properly when the app be run in the background .
after this new interface i give 5 star . but i hope next time it have video feature on moment .
no video share . but android and ios have .
my wechat id be kimberlyj2038 .
super sir , but still translator be miss ! notification also have problem . so please check that .
can't recover contract .
love it generally . however half of the time i don't get the push notification . 5 star otherwise . need to open app and check once in a while or will miss message half the time . use lumia 1520 on att .
need better push notification badly , everything else be good .
good app . miss the feature to post status on moment . can only post picture atm .
slow , always stucked .
everything look good except backup and restore , which be a disaster slow , lose message .
thank for new update . please add sound controller .
very nice app .
love new ui , its simple view ! . then i find bug , . the conversation list error when sort chat history , . message appear like this micromsg . storage . conversation , new incoming chat can't auto move on top . please fix . update to v . 5 . 4 . 1 . what be the changelog still same like before update . chat history can't sort properly in conversation list . newest incoming message didn't show on top . that be not happen before ui change and just work fine .
the 5 . 4v be awesome . however , it would be better if its optimize for 6 inch phone or phablets as well . will give 5 star until then . please look at the ui of kakaotalk on phablets like 1520 . thats how wechat should be !
we be not able to open freinds momentsits crash .
great app work better on window phone than android phone .
proprietary . not worth your time . not a true text to phone program .
the new icon tile be two little ghost . function be good as ever . think i don't see significant change . update the latest update look too much like an android app . very confuse to navigate . ugly !
it be everything useful .
after update , every open people nearby often force close .
crash . hate this .
the apps very lack after update . very slow response .
amaze app .
crash after update .
plzz update fast for window phone .
add me id wafeay .
worst upgrade . have to uninstall and reinstall . lose all history .
very nice .
cannot upload video with window phone .
the new update to ui be amaze keep it comming we chat .
good but still not quite as good as ios version . still cannot send video from camera roll .
nice app .
pls add some theme .
much better than previous version .
can't post status , pls let wp7 . 8 update !
love it .
much improve in the latest update .
now i can get notification but i can't send or receive any picture .
i really don't know why i get this on my phone ! failure .
nice application .
everytime it crash . whenever m open the app . try to work on this for 512mb user .
this be a great app . i switch over from talkbox . and i'm never go back . i also try whatsapp and a few others . wechat win , no contest .
very good !
please update it to 6 . x to support video .
good job .
seriously love the new redesign !
android and iphone be now able to capture and share video on weechat . wp always lag behind . so sad .
finally the network proxy work and i be able to sign in . thank .
awful ui .
pretty cool app but wechat do not put in the tap translation on message feature on w8 version .
the button layout of version5 . 4 be not convenient at all . the finger have to move up and down vs previous version all button be locate at bottom .
very good .
nice update but still cannot upload video . and other utility like android and ios .
still lag behind on support some of the graphic .
impressive update . the user interface now more modern pls update quickly and add this feature . ability to send video . add game pencil pilot .
please narrow down the tool bar on the top .
cool ui in new update version .
very nice .
finally update .
still no video post feature on window phone .
please add palestine to the country list , it's my country . thank everything else be very good .
love the new ui !
update on december 1 , 2014 be alot better and faster . good job . thank !
wow ! this so awesome .
this be awesome !
you deserve a 5 devs . this awesome ui , thing become a lot smoother and less crash . i can say you're do a job well do . thank you .
ini baru tampilan windowsphone g kayak andoid yang membosankan .
i don't like the latest update ! it doesn't work as good as the previous version !
would be 5 star if on my lumia 900 i have the video option and be able to download sticker !
melhor q o whatsapp . flu ncia . perfeito , recomendo .
awsome app . but change its ui . plz .
i love it . its awesome in new interface .
new version be colourful .
i can't get in my account to delete it !
new version look awesome and work great .
great , but we need more feature .
super awesome new ui . nice app to single . .
show ! muito bom !
very light application once . look simple . but the only one that have not be reach yet can supor indonesian whereas wechat user in indonesia very much . depelovers hopefully soon add indonesian .
the look be well but i cant read my old text i mean i have to scroll up like so many time , and i hope that you can bring the slide thing to see the old text like the bfr update i mean before this new update come out , and i hope you read my rate lol .
the new design definitely bring a new breath into the previously clutter interface ! kudos for improve the general look of the app , now the chat page could use a bite more though . maybe reduce the font size of the name of people in the group chat ? otherwise lovely look app right here .
work great . fantastic 5 . x update . i'd like to see message deliver as they come and not after i open the app though .
do not allow switch from normal phone call to voice call by we chat . only skype can do this but we chat must catch up .
seem faster .
awesome . wait for the next update . hope it would include more color option for the entire app !
nice update .
uso a onze me . amo .
why the moment font size to big ! ?
can't upload photo this time . tencent please upgrade this .
a really great app to use .
why my wechat go ? but instal aready !
no notification .
new interface ! nice one .
finally a good update .
very good .
great . its so nice ui . new update so awsome .
thank you for the update . keep move .
1 star for the ios 7 ui .
become better .
what about fake chinese name ?
nice feature .
very good and nice update .
why do wechat on window phone doesn't have sight in it unlike on android ?
great improvement .
great look interface for the new update . load faster than the previous version .
good job guy . beautiful update .
the ui color adjust strange . color be not beautiful .
come on !
nice . fresh ui . 5 star for now . 8 . 1 notification please .
nice 5 . 4 update ! i love it . keep update this app . we need sight feature .
more better .
very good .
we want sight feature . please .
very good for communication between friend .
could be better .
pretty good but need to be update . can't keep up with my friend with newer version .
good app thank you .
very go .
plea add group category like avacs . and people searcher by nick or number .
you can't scan !
please update wechat .
lazy developer not even near un feature as ios and android version .
best app ever .
can't link share to moment .
no one ever respond and when we shake , we get people from china within 3 10kms . how come ?
it have problem in lumia phone , some notification work .
not get any notification . i need to open the app to see if i have any new message . the app doesn't show up in the notification action center . everything else work fine .
best app .
great video and audio quality .
excellent love it .
we need an update . this version really outdated and lack of feature unlike the android and ios version .
nice to use . continue develop .
i love it .
it be load very slow in lumia 530 .
its a nice experience . and be app with all faculty . i really like it . and the reward be really appreciable . i suggest to dwld the app it be worth . and change experience .
great app . but miss translator feature on wp8 version .
doesn't support cortana !
message sometimes be out of sequence . history be short . not as good as android version .
muito legal .
so slow , it crash all the time too . worst app ever , uninstalling . please fix it , i'm use qq instead .
for whatever the reason , view history do not work reliably now . i have get out and in every other time to make it work on my window phone 8 . 1 .
love it . but the feature don't match with android app . please keep it update .
couldn't delete the message in conversation and couldn't send out doc .
update please notification no work well .
great application .
excellent for video call .
mejor que whatsapp . eso dice todo .
great way to stay in touch with friend .
it's break when i open it .
awesome app .
sight for 8 . 1 .
stop work . need update for window 8 . 1 .
good need improve .
can be better .
crash a lot .
excellent app .
wonderful apps .
why the heck be i find only chinese people ? that too within 7km . s cks .
no push notification . and it's so ugly .
love it !
one of d bst app .
cant even log in . ask for update the apps but its already update still cant log in .
this app not show in my app list . please dev fix this .
good but i can't delete my account .
please update this app . it be a great app but really need update .
allow many sticker and emojis for chat . can change chat background , either your own or several default . allow you to stop notification and such . can send picture and more . great app .
plz improve wechats engine for smooth performance its give late notification in lumia 525 .
work fast .
love it's recharge option .
nice apps .
why can't i share video like in other apps . dev at least learn from them and give us an update .
nice app .
cant't see my group after accept group invitation . please help .
i wonder , . how to make a moment without photo .
this suck can't find anyone who speak english .
because its give me recharge money for free always . yaahu d .
i be in usa but the shake option give all folk from china and say they're in a 7 mile radius .
please a solution for resolve filter in iran .
please update to same version as android . thank .
no update and can't delete block list .
cool concept but way to much weirdoes on here .
doesn't allow to connect qq account once link to other wechat account . and user can't recover the old account since he didn't remember the password and wechat account link with number no longer in use . bad .
we want sight !
it amaze . and it have new attribute .
nice app .
poor app .
filter for iranian people .
it's filter in iran .
its superb .
please update . for window 7 . 5 . please .
you be cheater .
couldn't sign up . i never receive the verification code .
me like .
window phone 7 do not have enough update with smiley .
nice app bt hav to improve d search of people cant able shakke all d time .
best for those who deserve best .
photo upload to moment be too much compress . the photo quality be so bad .
wonderful software .
how to delete my account ? it be kinda hard .
plz do something for ur user in iran . government block ur server . plz .
its good for window phone reasanably work .
wechat . good to use . thank you .
iran gov filter wechat .
it's great but need to be more advertise lack diversity within the state .
great app . only concern be that i can not send photo i have wechat instal but tell me i don't .
good service and thnks to we team . sound good .
like it .
why i can't open the program since i update ? now i have to uninstall it and loss all information plus all my contact . why i update ? because we chat tell me so , otherwise i cannot see the sight that my friend send me . please help !
great app .
good for android but worst for window phone . pls develop it .
no way to unlink my original mobile .
superb app . free recharge be excellent .
nice . but like android we be expect to get recharge .
wechat be to slow plz upgrade to fast wechat like whatsapp . add a feature like last see , online and offline .
good one .
the call quality and call user interface be much disappoint in new update . previous call feature be much better . please fix it . when we make a even voice call its open the camera also but i just wanna to make only voice call .
i'm still explore but its cool .
good . but sometimes not able to connect , while other apps can .
lol filter again . bye wechat .
its work perfectly on my lumia1520 with window 8 . 1 .
how to recharge though wechat . as in android ?
nice for share nude .
really awesome , better than kik . just fix the audio and video chat pls .
we can not use in iran without vpn , do something please .
need to upgrade , it doesn't fit the big screen win phone .
we cat .
please up to date just like the android version . i get jealous with them . please , please , please update faster just like android version . tqvm .
crash . please update .
please update this versian .
didn't work after sms confirmation .
pretty handy . easy to use . still wait for the update though .
update it plz . no notification for 8 . 1 and no more work in iran . plz update it . tnx .
best messenger i ever see ! i love it .
very nice app love to use it .
pls add translator .
nice app .
good app .
it suck . do not notify if some send message until and unless you open it . not good at all !
good app .
nice app , . 1 my phone be big 1520 , and i can't shake my phone well , i want to double tap to shake and find new friend . 2 i want to find friend in another city or another country like beetalk . 3 please make this for full hd screen .
very nice good job .
this app take more than 130 mb and i haven't use it even once .
change user interface its boaring .
block list cannot work .
good job .
unable to update .
coole sache .
no update ,
lumia 710 two year , the wechat on my phone can't follow official account , and lack many function compare to that on android and iphone .
nice app . but need improvement .
you should add a translation function . it would help so much .
wp8 . 1 wechat update too slow . cannot multiple login ! i have ipad but it be troublesome for me to switch between two device . cannot backup emoticon be very trouble , hope to have this feature in future .
recomendada por una amiga .
ch i'd .
bagus , keren .
wechat be a great app but be not safe for decent chat . bad profile and abuse photo be allow to be send and that's the main disadvantage here .
i will give it 5star if you put video share .
customer support never get back to me .
add me iamarby .
good app .
need to attach video .
what's with chinese ?
crash . fix the issue on wp8 . 1 lumia denim .
awesome app nice best app . ever .
no sticker shop for wp .
best program for chat .
it have completely refuse to verify me . i can't sign up .
why no translate feature for window phone user .
better than whatsapp .
network proxy don't work after update .
great app !
great application .
where be the arabic language .
pretty heavy ui . don't use it often .
it be all good until last update . now it drain my battery like crazy i have to disable its run in background , then i cannot get message unless i start the app .
hey this apo be give talktime to android user and os user but not give anything to window phone user . this be not fair to us . so we chat team should think about this .
very convenient i like it .
this app disperse from my instal list and when i open the store the tell me this app already instal on ur phone ! what's all that about ? and i can't uninstall it cuz i can't see it in my app .
please improve user interface . need improvement .
better than skype , do what it say . have friend who have an iphone blech this app work on iphone my guess android too , good cross platform app to have facetime with friend and love one . type birthday and kewl effect , would like to see more like with the word firework , new year , and such .
like the coler .
its good .
there be only chinese and indian men .
it seem to be ok . not test all .
good app i like .
can't find how to add a friend by mobile phone . it doesn't give me all the contact .
it get . the job do it serve the purpose i need it for . thank u .
it do not work .
bad spy !
this thing have way too many stranger .
good but lack da facility to see who online . msg or photo deliver or not . if dis fix i would giv 5 star .
need update .
where the f k be video .
great app !
i hope there's a receive and see feature for the message and show if user be online .
very bad useless i don't know , why it's find chinese .
should have know not to update cuz battery fast finish and update come up slow .
it be a very good app previously and i would rate 5 instead of three , but ever since the 8 . 1 update , it seem that there's no notification at all for this app which be push notification and tile counter . i'll look forward on see this app fully functional on 8 . 1 platform .
so lame limit shake too many arab .
excellent app , beautiful layout ! 5 star .
ocupa mucho espacio .
dont work .
really great app .
it's alright .
retard can use this hopeless app . don't wanna use some slang word but it really get into my nerve . try to eliminate bug and fix it properly .
the best way to chat .
thumb up .
update please .
china make , careful take !
its great . thank you . update please .
amaze app .
exelente servicio muy bueno .
horrible . can't even delete account . location be u . s but keep show ppl in china under 5 mile away . ?
more of chat room . look for a real texting application not one that others have to download just to text me .
i like it cool .
very nice and useful . hope they add the tool that the ios version have .
100 time better than kik .
u be the best .
notification don't trigger until i open the app .
my fnr offer2 balance be not redeem yet . its 120 rupee . they be cheater . don't download .
pls fix the bug and always show contact not on my phone .
i love it .
invite message . hey ! let's wechat ! it's get free text and voice message , high quality voice video call , funny animate sticker and much more . download it now by click here http wecht . in 7pt2f .
list me in the wrong location and there be no way to fix it . not able to find anyone i know locally .
need an immediate update , show only chinese people in shake option too sad and bad .
full star if have game .
update plz ? the version be too old , what tencent designer be think about .
nice ! but badly need a redesign .
wish it link my twit contact .
too slow to start .
worst app ever , beware , do not install , once you create an account you can't delete it yourself , and everyone who know your number can add you , they get a msg say you have a wechat acct without your permission , what an function .
it would be better if i can share video with friend .
still cannot share music via baidu music or qq music apps . etc .
stupid app . there be no simple way to delete account , what in my opinion be .
start time take too long . it need an update for wp 8 . 1 !
i'm use window 7 . 5 , and i can't login . need to update to higher version . but there's no available update . please fix it .
nice good app .
i be not give all star coz there be some bug into the shake and search the friend option . i have nokia lumia 520 and have problem in shake feature . please solve it .
favorite one .
plz update . provide facility like in android .
experience and knowledge management .
good app .
best app to meet new friend . , i'll give it give star of it have a offline and online feature other than great app work good on 2g . !
can't send voice message !
nice app .
why cannot save record online !
man , best chat app , ever ! add me .
few time need to exit . and my order to fix it .
cannot download the image send by my friend !
it really suck men . be try to sign up but as many as i try it keep say the code have expire . i need help right away .
need big update .
need something to know if the message have be see .
customer support be horrible . just hope you don't need and support . no response despite multiple request .
this app . my wechat be lose and i can't uninstall it .
cool app .
it crash . please fix it .
excellent ap .
i think it really suck there only seem to be men on here and i be not gay and be too much of a pain in the to use .
muito limitado .
fhhf p 3 s .
the last version on my window phone but no game center , why ?
no video share option . fckng app . update dis .
still top class worst app . i don't see that my friend have see my text or not ? . bogus app ever on window phone .
greatest social network app !
this be a nice app .
log out very hang .
have trouble modify set on a large group 400 member . couldn't turn the notification off as with other group . could someone fix this asap please ?
need a huge update . there're so many problem .
it don't work .
work well so far , shake mode be not work and can't see where i be .
after last update we can't connect via proxy by enter a proxy address in set general network proxy please resolve the problem for user in country which your app be block thx .
cant log in . idiotic app . wp suck .
it should be available for window 8 .
just so .
do what it suppose to do .
please improve the resend feature . please make it fast and easy .
support team not exist !
hey man , this thing be really good ! best chat app on window to me .
pliss update the online offline of the friend .
i like many feature but it be bad for load the new message .
doesn't work at all . fix it please !
its a better way to communicate with others ! i love it ! . ana emo sunshine .
better than symbian !
i think there be a lot of room for improvement for this app . well , it be very obvious that the open speed of the interface of this app be outmatch by apps in the same catalogue , think this problem exist in every platform , but it be especially apparently slow on wp compare to the others . i sincerely hope the develop team can make improvement in this area , such as implement fast resume strip away unneeded feature like moment or make it into seperated apps as when compare to another app that the company make tencent qq , it be outperform . thank you .
keep on crash .
horrible app ! doesn't let me open picture , download emoticon , or do video call .
good amp .
kinda suck . i cant upload create sticker on wechat . arghh .
i love it .
like it ! . a lot like play phone tag !
the best app .
constant sticker message be so annoy i'm think of uninstalling this app .
notification lose after update .
first i can hear the voice in other line during video call but she cant hear me . im use nokia lumia1320 wp8 and other be android . please fix this problem . and after update to wp8 . 1 no more notification and tone whenever i rcv new msg . microsoft it please this problem . immediately it can better .
have some with my nokia lumia 1520 after update to 8 . 1 . please fix this and i will give 5 star .
es muy interesante .
do not have palestine country code 970 .
nice app . plz update . and make online green light .
need a login or lock feature .
your app be great but since the last update it's not work properly for call .
so cool .
it's good . but no notification push . hope it can change .
not work in lumia 900 thats why .
best app on window phone for video call .
very great app . but please add option of send video also .
superzozoom id .
please update the app for window phone the live chat isn't available yet .
not bad .
heavy load . no enough profile data . no filter to help in select friend .
the best chat tool in wp , but a little worse than the app in android .
great app .
melhor aplicativo .
too confuse to set up .
cool app .
lack major feature of the other version . very disappoint . also do not work well with wp8 . 1 . crash and hang . desperately need a new version to add all feature and 8 . 1 compatibility . recent update just make it worse . link don't work . app be almost useless now . horrible .
this be a wonderful app .
we need arabic language .
awesome i love it .
hey push notification be not work after update .
need more feature .
i'm not recieving my verification number .
best app till date .
good app for keep in touch with friend .
fast and privacy option be well add .
i'm a native chinese speaker . sid1986 .
less feature in window version .
5 star communicator . the best one .
please update your app for window phone 8 . 1 its crash in load screen .
extremely underdevelop for an app try to take on whatsapp or hike . you need to revamp the ui , include better support for attachment better notification . an upgrade asap .
not properly work after 8 . 1 in 525 its irritate me .
nearby people be nowhere nearby . and location be turn on .
doesn't work in wp . no response from customer service .
good app but horrible when it come to sign in . if you ever forget your password , just accept that your acc be go forever bc they be no help when you try to get it back or reset it .
the size of application be too large . it kill the rom in my note2 . hope it to improve .
my nokia lumia 920 .
i can't upload any video or audio song . try to make it better for window phone .
not work in iran . it's filter .
please build game in window phone like android .
doesn't even let me login . refuse to acknowledge my id .
not good .
brilliant i love it perfectly organise .
this app be ignorant , it doesn't sync phone contact just google contact and it also will not allow you to message anyone who isn't in your contact . 100 waste time .
i will give 5 star if you allow me to save picture on window phone 8 . 1 update 1 .
great but . why be there so many chinese ?
i never get pass the create a profile page . just pathetic ! don't waste your time .
can't link qq , can't post message .
please update .
very good .
great app .
after update window phone 8 . 1 today , many apps have stop work include this app .
push notification not work ! fix it !
good product to meet people around you .
good . dont update for lumia 800 . version be 3 . 4 . 6 . 0 . please update for winphon7 . 8 . please change port server . please update for windosphone 7 . 8 .
push ntfctn not wrkng on 8 . 1 .
nothing gonna be in here .
this app need some update to stay on par with its android and ios counterpart .
consume a lot of battery power . must fix it .
disconnect so often . even i have hsdpa signal and full wifi bar with high speed internet access . esoecially in the night gmt 7 . lumia cyan 925 .
terrible no profile option nothing its child like program at its best you would figure they want to compete in it market they make basic option available all the time .
im give it a 5 star rat because i love it .
be retard there a bunch of asian and dude and not a single girl in this thing .
still not good enough . have some subtle bug that make user feel this app doesn't work smoothly .
i can't register to we chat , please help me .
it be good to me for the message send .
best thing since slice bread .
nice apps for communication .
app duck .
i dont know if the people nearby feat really work . ive send like hundred of hi message and i havent get any message back . i even try send them to the ugly one . and no bueno . anyone can confirm this ?
lag to much and no status bar .
best messenger ever . it's also a social network develop for mobile device . it's good to see that the wechat team give wp good support and attention unlike line .
worst app of all time , it work too slow and never update ! suck !
very nice app !
add share live location feature .
fun and private .
app be good bt not able 2 redeem balance .
worst app .
great app .
a bug that tecent won't fix for over a month !
the app work fine , but there should really be an account deletion option .
i don't have it on my start list . i can't open it . it go update everyday in the app store but i get some error everyday . the only option i have here be upgrade . i delete it from download but it come back next day . i have no idea how to get rid of it !
voice call be not work .
awesome aap .
i suck on exit time . plz fix this bug . next time sure 5 star .
wechat be the best social app .
its pretty ok in window phone .
this apps be very good and excellent service .
quite an good app . but why be that such a bad sound quality ? fix this .
love it !
great app for instant message .
great app .
i have give it 5 star . but please fix the notification .
nice app . run better than android .
should improve a lot . be very tough to know who and all r online or not . don't understand whether the msg send be deliver and be read or not .
. make trouble plz fix it .
so far this app be awesome !
jd lbh baik ,
molto meglio di watsapp !
so far so good . but always disconnect . please fix it .
be good .
no notification on window 8 . 1 nokia lumia 925 . never know when someone have message me .
too many offer service .
need option to share status to moment .
love to use this connect with friend .
if you don't enjoy this maybe you your friend be just lame . smooth easy fun different way to communicate . stop read and download it's worth it .
cannot block people .
i want to update wechat .
great app much better than whatsapp .
muy bueno .
consume too much of battery usage . if compare to line and whatsapp .
amaze video call free !
muito bm !
the best .
a bite confuse to this octagenarian .
the app be download but i can't see please fix it !
useful for me . really great .
if miss you can give effect of star than love you n like you like word must be recognize . in text box .
very nice and useful app .
its an awsum app .
nice , keep upgrade !
why i have to turn on the location to check out the moment ? .
great app .
add alefehenrique95 .
awesome app .
why this app can't apear on my device , altought i have already install it . please tell me how to fix this .
try million time to get the verification via sms ! still nothing .
good for chat with friend but desperately need an update .
wechat be much better for android phone but for window 8 phone not that much good need improvments for window 8 phone .
its great sike .
good apps .
i can talk to my friend and family and it's free .
8 . 1 update , no push notification , cross android os message restore fail .
very bad .
very heavy since the update !
need to update latest version for lumia 800 .
no push for the new message .
love it .
all ok . but shake plugin show ppl from china .
app work very well , i wish more people use this service as i find it to be a lot better than other message apps out there . but heck , we all love the underdog , right ? the shake feature be very unique too . keep up the support on wp !
i love this app , i use it daily to communicate with far off relative .
luv it !
app of the year . shake be not work . fix it soon . then 5 star .
rate wechat .
good date app .
very good .
its cool you can meet plenty of people !
great app !
very wau .
add network proxy in set for iran be very nice .
no video send option for window 8 . 1 . can't send video from phone memory but it can be forward .
sometimes no notification .
quite decent , but your location info ain't loyal .
very good .
great app ! love the innovative message in a bottle . fun way to get social .
can't send video , no feature for video message . why do all the window version of apps need to be of lesser capability ?
slow close when i want to exit this app . wp 8 . 1 . please fix it .
0 star ! the app be hard to use , even send message , and the sticker shop . forget try to hook up with anyone , everyone be either a creepy guy , or a random person in china or the middle east . the guy in the middle east often have creepy profile picture , and forget try to use this app in america , because you'll have to shake your phone a million time to find someone who speak your language or be straight and in your country . voice call aren't even free . uninstall after i submit this review . do not get !
great concept !
love this on my phone ! i use it for international communication . wish it be just as easy to set up on my window tablet and at same cost . free download from window store .
after the new update , video call function be not work .
some function be miss .
i love this app !
you need to fix sms verification , brazil have another digit in the cell phone . it's 55 11 9 8181 .
not bad .
kill battery .
one of my favourite application . please add option send , deliver , see like whatsapp , hike etc have .
moment cannot post text only . must include with photo . please update .
love it .
can't get my 50 rupee recharge .
it's be a great communication tool .
nice app .
where's my money ?
still not as good as whatsapp . whatsapp be still my no . 1 messenger .
its block in iran . please update it to another server , . block in iran .
awesome mind blow fatafari !
its not bad .
nice app .
please update the app , in wp 7 . 8 have no video call .
very good .
its good .
i don't like it , too many pervert guy !
still no people hub integration .
why i get push notification on 8 . 1 ? why don't u build this application u .
feel happy .
can't open picture . please fix that . and make video chat with the lumia 900 .
no need to ring the sound again after resume back from notification .
no notification why no notifiction if the app close .
can't add someone by send greet cause wechat be flaw . please fix it .
nice but need the video call on htc titan plz .
please make it like iso or android version .
filter in iran .
disappoint to see that the new update didn't address any real issue , like lack of video share feature and miss message . false advertisement by say share image and video have never be easier ! please fix it .
location not work on 8 . 1 pls fix this . i be unable to use shake .
5 . 2 make no improvement at all .
online feature we want . 5 star app .
i have instal the app , and today have an update , the update cause the phone to crash . after restart , continue the update but the application be not show in the application list ? i can not uninstall nor install the application . and for sure can not use it . help plz .
very bad after update , its exit automatically .
great app !
plz change server iran block your ip server . we love this app . plz solve problem .
past year goverment of iran filter wechat server .
all in one perfect .
. uh strange people on here .
ok app no problem but there be a lot of people who be look for sex .
overall ok . still i miss a lot of call because the application do not start up . only when i manually open the app i find the miss call .
app have problem connect to call .
no puedo contestar una llamada .
good stuff .
where be the game ?
get message too slow .
supar aaps .
nice cute .
excellent ! . enough say !
good for chat but have no game .
kik me hondakid22 16 m .
best app that ive see so far .
as functional as it get , it freeze a lot when open and close picture in private message , and crash the apps after that . please fix this . this have be go on longer than it should have . lumia 820 user here .
nice app .
i'm new in we chat and from the first look it's amaze and it have a fantastic way to find friend around the world . it's really on of the best chat apps in the store .
very bad .
update need . need a long time to open the apps , message , and too late . please fix it dmsoon .
operation too frequent . please try again later and limit search friend . these problem make me angry . so fix other wise aap be good .
awesome app ! great for international communication . use while 1 2 a world away to chat with wife for free !
greet message must be show as screen notification .
slow and sluggish like no tomorrow .
very like .
good , but keep get fake shake result .
great app .
please fix the error operation too frequent .
jd gk dibuka lg .
awesome app . need more bottle . please update this .
very interest .
it's an excellent app to meet stranger and befriend new people from different culture and ethnicity . i be still to find an app out there that will beat or even match the coolness of wechat .
not gonna lie , no reason to lie but i love this app its easy and simple to use .
no notification alert in wp 8 . 1 preview for developer edition . i don't like it please update and fix it . thank wechat id eleventh shadow . please help where to download older version .
me gust wecht .
suck . only china name . worst application i hav ever see .
please add a sideways keyboard .
no notification in windowsphone 8 . 1 .
my favorite .
this app suck ! it only find people from china no matter where you be !
fun way to keep in touch internationally .
it's take too long time to open the application and sometimes the internet disconnect .
slow on video call , hope an update to make that fast !
overall pretty good except that it drain battery pretty heavily .
just fabulous .
a bite buggy need region option in shake .
go to get up .
i cant send greet ! boo !
occasionally crash on lumia 720 .
missingi the apps list .
need to really update . no game .
this work well with network data , and be a dump on wifi . pls fix .
update fr wp8 . 1 please !
cool . but no flip screen ? 3 star top ! only use it because i have to .
this be awesome ! i could keep in touch with my friend even if she have move to china .
this app suck omfg who ever make this please keep your day job bro .
we chat make it alot easier to communicate with my family .
shake doesn't work for me . only chinese name out dere . p . s . break for month now .
good apps .
awesome love it 8 . 1 .
how do you make it louder ? i put it at max and it sound lime a whisper .
need to add attach video function , and more than 10mb limit , also can't see share location of other people .
simply the best especially voice message make it easier to chart .
poor notification and too many useless function . add a new version with instant message feature only plz .
the voice call sound suck , it can be better in the next update .
awesome app . jus love it .
after last update app crash and unable to remove or access pls help .
melhor que whats app porem inferior ao line .
i can't get the notification .
notification problem .
love it , hope can have newest update from android version of be able to download a game .
nice app !
not work .
wechat be totally awesome ! how many other apps be there that give you free call , free chat , walkie talkie session , and video chat . seriously .
a poor performance app . laggy yet lack the important feature such as post status on moment without photo . update this please .
please update . my moment can't open and load . can't see any post . please fix . lumia 925 window phone 8 . 1 .
i like that .
great app . lot of cool feature .
operation too frequently pls try again later . fix this .
muito melhor q o whatsapp , muito bom msm .
cool app .
any password protection function ?
just one star , cause every time have this problem opertion too frequent please try again later , its stupid servic .
bug location in win8 . 1 ! . app filter in country iran !
if this app could search for people in specific country , it would be great .
muito bom .
i love the hold to speak option . i've be keep in touch with my daughter while she be out of the country and its be nice hear her voice everyday . thank you .
i like it .
nice app .
it be a smart app , but not there yet .
it doesn't open after an update of 26mb .
dafug be da notification at ? use window 8 . 1 developer preview .
no video or file attachment option ! only photo attachment . can not run in background !
great app .
update need . no feature as android .
good luck .
nice app .
muito bom .
this app be cool i be able to talk to a friend in china use the walkie talkie .
why can't we change wechat id .
after awhile the video and voice chat stop work . it suck . fix the glitch .
very nice and easy to use ! .
so bad . drive me crazy .
how i upgrad .
don't work after update my window phone last update .
do not download you can not make video call i would give it 0 star if i could .
it be good at past , not work anymore . totally useless .
hebat , bisa call , video call , chat , all in one ,
awesome app . love it !
crash at launch since 5 . 1 . 4 please fix this quickly !
some emoji send by others operate system like android cannot be see .
cannot update .
no service contact and no way get help .
to slow .
very wonderful .
if your device have low storage it won't let you open it and use the app even after its instal . cant use it because of that , the little bite of time i could use it seem promise .
good but connectivity be very bad .
shortly , the best !
work great .
great app but really need update for performance .
real time location service miss from wp ! . update it plz ! . so that it can become addictive outside china as well .
on my lumia 720 can't open this app ! please make update to fix problem .
great app , so easy to use and a great way to keep in touch with friend .
for god know what reason , this app start show people from china kilometer around me in that shake application !
crash when share 3 photo .
good . but it's not have russian language .
great app .
fast n free .
better than whatsapp .
plz update it . shake be not useful anymore .
not awesome but i like the update , the walky talky and all tat be nize .
video call hoti hai kya isme .
i really like this ! i especially like send the sticker and my own picture ! good app ! thank wechat !
sometimes i have to open twice to get thing load .
great app .
latest version .
window phone version be still behind the ios and android version . just not impress .
tap a star to rate this app .
no updations be available ! please make updations of this software !
its the best video chat for people like me who don't want to spend money to video chat with a relative on skype . i like this way more than skype !
i like this app . have be use it more and more .
operation too frequent . fix .
for wp 7 . 5 it show always version 3 . 4 , no upgrade .
crash a lot on nokia lumia 610 .
video clarity not good , hang .
totally suck for window phone user mine be lumia 620 . keep crash and can't send text message in chat , can only send sticker . please update fix !
no notification for wp 8 . 1 dev preview on my lumia 520 .
good stuff .
its cool .
great app .
pathetic ui . make people fool's by automate reply from raina , chopra etc . don't know why you be advertise in tvs .
wish i could sync to more than one device but otherwise feature be great .
not work at all at wp 8 . 1 dev preview .
i must admit it's a heavy app . not lightweight like whatsapp . anyway great app for contact my friend .
give one star for unfair treatment of xiaobing microsoft .
plz update it provide a password lock .
good nice muito melhor que o whatsapp . privacidade personalizada .
it show always connection fail . please check your network setting . i'm not even able to signup for it . even after reinstall the app . huh .
update plez .
add arabic language .
its awesome . n better than whatsapp . but if wechat remove the error . that be . operation too frequent .
video and voice call .
update be long due . have the problem of delay notification . doesn't work properly on slow connection . have some unique feature but need to be update urgently .
cool and fun app !
i wish i can get the sticker .
lag alot .
super awesome .
this version need to have the build in translation like the iphone . its good but it lack that .
eat battery in window phone 8 . 1 more than any other app .
wow . awesome .
melhor mensageiro da plataforma wp .
excellent . take note line . this be how you do a wp app . not your lazy pos abortion . now if only my thai friend use wechat .
get the job do with the texting . but webcam work for certain wp's .
improve the active feature .
best messenger for window phone !
it's say network problem .
i absolutely love this website .
great app .
can recover my password . dont work . pls help !
good job .
1 or 2 star . this literally have to be the stupidest thing i ever saw . it must only appeal to little kid with oodles of time to kill . not intend for productivity . no voice call feature anywhere i can see . waste time , you can't even use it to phone a number that doesn't have the app already .
need to improve .
okay so far .
great app . i have meet ton and ton of girl .
pimp . beter if wasnt n chinese . make a english version .
good app , i think its well build for window phone 8 . there be three thing i'd like to see . 1 more official chat wallpaper , and can be apply to whole app , not just the chat room . 2 option to change the app theme color . 3 maybe give us a bbm channel like feature .
two star miss coz there be no deactivation system .
when close app then ist take so much tym . n notification not work properly . fix it so soon .
love it . better than whatsapp .
i absolutely love use this app the most . this be my main instant messenger and main method of texting it have everything . if only its video call work as well as skype .
aplicativo super legal recomendo .
slow load in wp8 . 1 lumia 720 .
not get the activation sms .
doesn't pull in my phone contact .
my moment stick ! why ? fix this thing now !
too many bug and the app be too slow .
muito bom .
no notification for win 8 . 1 .
plz provide password protection .
where be the new real time location share . they use a lumia phone in the advisement yet they haven't provide the update yet .
can't receive qq message . what about u ?
i love the app but in wp 8 . 1 it make the phone crash and restart , the batery get suck pretty quick and the phone get hotter than hell . fix it please .
its a nice lil app .
i think i cant send video use this one .
really some decent app and always fun . but i find some weird problem when it come to nearby ppl and distance information , how can 1km away give me ppl in china lol . nway i hope this get fix . or the shake category can be filter to distance or ppl nearby as well .
nice , but there be not option to send video , plz update fast .
good but too slow .
great app work well ! just don't have a lot if friend use it .
great app . just wish more than one of my friend have it .
update notification it be slowly and add new ringtone .
this suck .
notification slow , please update again .
we iranian user have some serious issue and problem with connect . please update .
best msg app ever ! although there's some minor issue .
1 . chang app icon and tile to green color instead of transparent please . 2 . app list icon be too big ! ugly . 3 . medium size tile icon size be too big ! please learn from system apps icon size . 4 . can't type any character under chinese locale langage unit setting .
its awesome !
it have some nice basic feature but generally hard to use . lack advance feature webchat be a complete joke .
it's great but become slow sometimes , please work on it .
color theme doesn't change .
i can't download right after i update to window phone 8 . 1 any solution ? tt .
well do . enough say .
no notification .
best instant message app ! better than whatsapp and others .
have a solution for iran filter a big solution plz .
wechat need more menu to control and edit moment and to be able to track chat by time stamp .
ok but slow , at least for window phone 7 . notification doesn't always show up .
good tool !
no post text in moment .
it seem this app be not will to push notification . although it's just from time to time . but the latency may cost loss .
no update for win7 . 8 .
the best ! but where's game ?
not bad .
why the most of the user be asian .
my chat go off very 10 minute why .
not get notification on wp8 . 1 . please fix this quickly . update notification be now fix . all be well !
please update your window phone sdk to wp 7 . 8 . you build app compatible with wp 7 . 5 instead of 7 . 8 . that be why it doesn't work well .
connect me with my friend and family all around the world ! relatively easy to use .
very useful apps .
its a must !
only asian people .
not bad .
nobody on here . lame .
i like the app but get a bite confuse by somethings .
it's ok .
the best social app on window phone .
i love wechat .
. god bless you be such a good application iran gov block your server .
my fvrt .
great app !
what be with this . it appear that mostly chinese use this app . very strange indeed .
the set be not functional . i want to have notification without sound . what no matter how i configure that , it's just not work either no notification at all or notification with both sound and viberation ! too bad !
it slow and doesn't look good .
spot on . good interface and function !
it would be really nice to have moment on the live tile . otherwise the big tile be just a waste .
cannot mute the new message notification !
please someone help me . how i can delete my wechat account on wp ?
please fix the bug of the operation too frequent .
quite few issue as mention by previous commenters on wp8 . 1 . delay notification be one of huge issue .
quite good with rarely any bug .
good app .
no probs until now .
can't login .
wait for a big change and improvement .
nice app . much better than buggy whatsapp . would be perfect if run faster .
we chat be good . it would be more good if it show whether the other person be online and delivery status .
i struggle to get my message , if use network . its ok if m use wifi then message flow easily . as for that i sometimes wait an hour or more just to see the message . application take long to load and connect . i would give half a star .
beter than any messenger . !
i would have give 5 star , if i could have use some kind of translation software bing translator to understand another language as i be travel in various country . that would be awesome ! . between me and my friend you get 4 . 5 , wechated .
skype be better .
in iran be filter .
awesome app .
only can share photo ? can share word ?
very good .
rubbish app .
will lag when type and change language .
nice app but doesnt show whether the people be online or not , the message be deliver see or not , and if another person be type or not . !
need update itsacjha .
no notification when new message come in wp8 . 1 .
thank for update .
god app .
it need for update more and more .
this app would be amaze . if i didn't have a id name that be make by the owner of this number before me . i mean we should be able to change it , i want my own account not account that be mine and everyone el . i really would like if that can be fix . then it will be 10 star in my book . i love it .
shake not work for me . only show people from china within 12 km .
if u don't get enough spam in your life download this app .
intrusive and bothersome service .
can't block wechat team message .
good but the update be too large .
after update . when try tu open group conversation . the apps exit tu live tile . hope can fix it .
work great . 21 m id yas mz .
not bad .
i love it love .
i would give a 0 if i could but sadly i cannot . i have try to use several of their feature witch would not work and when work would be mess up in one way or another . a number of time it assume i be in china . i'm in usa and when i try to revive help with the matter they be rude and in no way help me . this be one app i will never be use again . after i can figure out how to unsubscribe . pos .
excellent puerto rico .
get text me . the app be free , and it work good .
great app . fast , intuitive , powerful . update since update to 8 . 1 , no more push , no matter what . update 2 it now work .
window phone qq well do .
best chat app .
work great .
send ads to your inbox .
push notification stop work with 8 . 1 .
notification alert be back . work again .
location suck since i'm in america and it give me ppl from china totally need fix .
awesome aplication . add me wechat id delapanize .
could not even get it start .
notification not work with 8 . 1 version of window phone . need an update to fix this problem .
very nice app . way better than that qq app of yours .
gdr3 custom notification ! there be push notification in 8 . 1 . try to reinstall .
great . i hope more people use this app .
i would have give wechat five star but they claim to have game under the discover tab and they don't . i try contact them about it and still haven't hear from them .
no push notification for 8 . 1 developer preview .
notification not work . this really limit its usability . nokia lumia 810 .
no notification 8 . 1 .
since the wp8 . 1 update notification aren't appear unless i'm inside the app . please fix .
its perfect in wp8 but isn't give me any notification in wp8 . 1 a fix to that would give it 5 star .
very great app .
very good .
push notification stop work after installation of wp8 . 1 developer preview on my lumia 520 . please fix .
i dont like it doesnt notify me when i get new message .
both my wife and i love it . so convenient ! great job !
phone get hot and battery get low quickly .
in iran filter . please by proxy .
no notification for wp 8 . 1 .
no notification alert for wp8 . 1 .
lot of lag . please fix it . asap .
one of the better apps for window phone .
good but i need more update .
8 . 1 no push notification .
not bad but in 8 . 1 it doesn't show notification .
good one .
can't work it .
very cool .
the best !
update plz .
i have to say , it be a great app .
very good .
worst app ever , buggy and keep freeze on my htc 8x .
nice . very good .
just so .
what be problem with this . no update for window 7 .
good and nice .
shake s nod work properly . show china s 1km frm india . lol . funny .
absolute trash . more bug in it than a house in the jungle . connectivity issue . walkie talkie say someone be talk when no one be talk and hasn't be talk for 5 minute . voice message system cut my message short without the help of me take finger off control . please fix this . make an option where we can use a button for ptt walkie talkie or voice message . absolute trash .
add me king kie216 .
in iran not work .
better than android and ios .
this app do everything that i need and after try all similar product i like this one the most .
so good .
awesome alternative to communicate .
best chat app out there ! a .
not very fast fluid on my lumia 1020 so please optimize and update more frequently . also , regardless of set for notification it vibrate make noise . why do so few chat history display by default in such a space inefficient manner ? will re rate when app improve .
in my country , server of wechat block , proxy need for this app .
not as same as android and ios version , hope can upgrade faster .
cool app , wait till you give it a try .
so dissapointed . when i want to chat with another , always the massage fail and it say too frequent msge , please try later . !
design ugly be not worthy of such an application . this application be very cool .
i always get there be a problem communicate with the server , both on gsm and wifi .
good app ! for window phone !
update please .
weibo feed can not see the whole pic .
update window 8 .
love the app but i dislike how wechat doesn't start a ringtone of some sort when someone be video call you .
very good app .
doesn't have the look around option .
5 star .
update ! window 7 . 5 .
absolutely terrific app , great on window .
as a free app it do well .
dont have an ability to post status on wechat moment without an image .
it's so good .
please language arbic .
add me wechat number 972404726 just for girl .
overall very cool app !
update plz .
i need update , please . everytime i shake my phone , the people who always come be from china within less than 10 km in distance . this be totally annoy since i don't live in china . and also about drift bottle feature , no one never answer my bottle . what's wrong with we chat ? never like this before .
first app ever on window phone that crash and freeze some other apps as well . lumia 920 .
like this apps .
very good .
love it .
it's pretty awesome i will rate 5 star with more feature .
need update .
unable to open the apps . pls help .
cannot share link on window .
very good for communication .
good app !
love it .
muito bom , mas pode melhorar . poderia ter mais recursos .
sick ! .
can't watch video . please update .
if only the feature be as many as ios and android .
app think i'm on the other side of the planet . i'm locate in the usa and it just show me people from china and say they be 5 mile away . useless .
allow video chat .
this app be amaze !
version 5 . 2 please , this version doesn't work .
please upgrade as soon as possible .
ur awsome but to many people do bad stuff on it .
better than viber and not own by facebook .
its easy and simple , it work good for me on my lumia 928 .
good i recommend it .
thank , good luck .
kinda lame .
only able to post pic in moment . please make us able to post text like other os .
i love it . it's a good messenger for wp . great .
wechat filter in iran please fix my problem
i prefer this over kik any day . add me folk im 24 especially if your a xbox one gamer im stealth . no one under 18 please .
difficult to set up .
great app please add me , steve stifler big .
need a update it plz .
very bad app .
hi my id lianzhuxiong welcome my friend !
great ap .
cannot find the look around option . use nokia lumia 510 . plz help .
suck need more way to talk to people .
just nice .
awesome website !
best messenger by far . more feature than you can shake a stick at !
feedback time , you all need to improve the spell autocorrect in the app for window phone . the native texting app that come with the phone be so much better .
need most update version .
great app .
work superfine !
you suck .
no notification alert .
i'm wait for psiphone for windowsphone , i can't use facebook , wechat , twitter , whatsapp . without psiphone .
this app be awesome and the version on windowsphone be the best and can't be compare to other phone . but there should be a sign to show if someone have receive the message and if someone be type .
good , nice . follow my twitter fajarnooraulia , follow my instagram fajarnooraulia , add my gamertag xbox new brainware .
if you aren't asian , don't get this app . nothing but chinese ppl .
thank you so much .
doesn't show online off line status .
great app .
update please .
great replacement for couple app . however would love to see notification on lock screen . also a tilt keyboard . key be too small for type upright . also every once and awhile app crash after photo or video's . but other then that i love the sticker , voice chat be cleaner then any other window phone app skype heytell or talk box . just to name a few .
won't release the microphone after it be close .
it's really great app .
pls update . notification be not in real time and always delay .
no update . problem with push sometimes .
best social app .
best app .
the app be amaze but i have this problem that the app keep close 50 of the time i tap something in the app . if that could be fix i would give it 5 star .
30 sec . video take 6 mb . be this good or bad ?
i need more sticker . emoticon .
that's a great app , combine with fb , skype , message . etc .
very good .
very different .
awesome , now i can talk to my aussie friend on something other then xbox live . plus the group feature be nice when i need to talk to 3 or 4 people at once , no more play middle man .
smooth prfrmnce ! . not bad .
very . good but we want it in arabic .
no password change ?
its perfect ! its not whatsapp , mor twitter , neither facebook , but a combination of all of them .
do not notify you of incoming notification if you don't have the app open and actively look at it .
u can chat with chinese . my wechat account be lovewuyannv .
too bad .
doesn't even deserve the star i have to give it to leave this comment .
no local chatter in a city with over 1 million people . app think i be chinese for some reason . load very slow .
best app ever but , but i can't figure out some stuff but you get use to it and you can invite friend to which be cool .
why no update .
easy to use , great application .
good app .
amaze communication between wp and ios .
too slow . lumia 900 .
good ! d add me , i'm from brazil allexamano .
melhor que existe , deixa as outras no chinelo .
great ! the best for be in touch with your friend all around the world .
its good , but i'm in america not china please fix .
bellissimo ! meglio di whatsapp .
very nice video chat work perfectly .
doesn't work for zimbabwean , bloody .
very god , mt bom .
so good .
it's a strong competitor of whatsapp .
very good application , i need more improvement in find near by feature .
the latest update cause new message notification delay or miss . have to open wechat to check if there be new message receive .
100 better than whatsapp !
muito bom .
not good .
on my lumia 928 , the app play a sound even when phone be set to vibrate . also the app do not work in the background if you close the app . if that's intend it should notify the user .
i live in texas and the app think i'm in china or something ! dumb app doesn't work .
doesn't work on htc 8s when i update to the newest , fix it .
nao da pra excluir a conta ! patetico .
a must have app !
25m usa id be western .
i really need help can anybody from we chat team respond ? i've an account that be link with the no . i use when i be in my home country now i can't use that number can u pls help me get back those contact it's really important . please .
miss a lot of feature in window phone version .
good idea poorly execute , im in oregon usa , it think im in china hence very few feature actually work .
it's cute , so far so good .
a really nice n fun way to communicate with ppl . love the sticker n the voice talk ability .
grd tencent .
i love it . !
great app to chat with friend .
this be awesome app .
unable to play receive video . and why not update to 5 . 2 version ?
it dosnt work in iran .
still no update for window phone 7 . 5 .
work great .
do not do a thing .
awesome , i can make video call and chat with friend far away d .
great job , keep go .
it's the best e communication tool in the world .
only wechat very nice only release version best .
dont buy window phone .
so add me 649619604 .
i keep on get an error that say operation too frequent . please try again .
not bad .
pretty good , like the video voice feature .
it be become filter . please repair it .
color of program must be green . plz .
update my wechat please .
pode esse app .
very good .
overheat and discharge my phone so quick . l1020 , l1520 .
disconnect constantly . can't send or receive message . very poorly write !
no arabic support and the ui need to change .
me adicionem la leida .
notifikasi agak telat dan momen penting jadi lewat .
the most beautiful app ever .
very good .
it have improve from when i first download . still need work but i re download to give it a second chance and me and my friend love it again .
suck . give me people that be 5 mile away but really they be in china . and i'm in dc .
cool but cram .
i love it but wish i could video chat without have to go to a computer to scan code .
please update application . amo updetesh konid dg .
awesome app ! 4 block id in iran 4 window phone user . enjoy wechat by proxy list app . d .
i can see my friend clearly from a very long distance as half of the earth . strongly recommend to everyone !
still lack some function from ios and android but it's good .
very nice .
love it .
thank you .
how do you delete this account ! ?
inserrt tango .
t show .
good app .
i want landscape mode plz !
itz completly nice .
add me sadlinux only girl plz .
notification suddenly stop work . pls look into this matter .
update lagi yg ada game nya kayak android .
very good the connection .
wow , you will know what best mean !
do exactly what it say .
not update new version , icon for window phone , so bad .
the best it can be .
love it ! the sticker be fun and its the easiest way for me to keep in touch internationally .
better than iphone .
it suck .
shame on iran's government , they filter everything .
this need work lot of it .
pretty good .
wechat be block in iran by iran government we can't log in .
that be great that i can use wechat on window phone but please catch up with ios and android version . also , recently upgrade break functionality of share photo with friend . please fix it asap .
well it have lot of feature to go on on . enjoy it .
shake feature , only people that appear be in the middle east like iran , iraq , turkey , istanbul , etc . then after around 10 shake in a row , only chinese people appear within 1 5 mile away from me . this be clearly a glitch that need fix . this have be happen 3 update ago and still hasn't be fix . use nokia lumia 920 .
not bad but still lack of video upload ability when message .
many problem need update .
perfect , but if this app wp8 app android be very good .
how to update status ?
super great .
not good .
good application .
weirdest bug ever . i instal and everytime i load it crash on sign in . but after that i can't start any other apps aside from system apps . at all , nothing start .
very good . thank .
free call not add .
better than yesterday .
very good but need background call not to be in a form of notification .
mais ou menos , no hay user .
no llegan notificaciones .
like this app .
app wechat filter for iran plz help to iranian .
best txt and talk app so far awesome .
please include to send vdo on message .
tap a star to rate this app .
ton of function , but i start get random message after sign up , scary ! also , no way to add contact by name ? a little hard to use . lumia 920 .
very good .
your user in iran be filter plz do somthing about it .
khoda rahmatesh kone .
all notification dont come once you've click out of the app but its great app .
de su dung .
couldn't receive any notification at all after update to the latest version even with background run enable . reinstall the app make no diff . please push out the fix asap . use lumia 920 .
i like .
not good as anderiod .
very good . please update .
please update !
wechat be block in iran , please update .
this update don't work .
apparently no american .
wonderful back up to normal callps .
be it just me or the people around u no matter where u be all look for sex ? hate the people nearby option remove it !
this be a great app , albeit more useful currently if you speak chinese . some work be still desperately need , such as make sure bottle message be only receive for specify language .
no notification !
the notification would repeat twice for a message .
very good .
best chat app !
that a great app , if you wanna add some asian , add me . d wechat i'd be tonywangabc .
its so funtastic .
very good application , please insert option proxy in new version .
really amaze .
so far so go .
push notification always break .
great app . keep it up .
very nice and active .
nice one .
the update have cause me to receive double notification for every message receive . please fix asap . super annoy and drain my battery .
not team .
please . upgrade as android or ios . and get some delay .
i like it .
100 star thakle 100 ditam .
varah majaa .
fix load problem please !
great app .
filter in iran , please help us .
i find that if we switch the language to chinese the function of wechat be different . i can only say that little people use it in america . chinese xiaohuobanmen play happily !
work well , but i sometimes get phantom message alert when there be no new message .
i really like it !
very convenient great tool !
very good .
great app .
even after the most recent update still no rotate feature . all message must be type in portrait orientation . most disappoint .
i like it , it's easy contact to the friend . it's free .
block in iran .
plz we need up to date for window phon plz .
less function .
some video will not play on my nokia phone .
hi . i'm citizen iran . in my country wechat facebook twitter you tube filter . help my people , thank .
soso , 5 start .
5 . 0 yeah !
awesome . new sticker !
this new version v5 be great .
awesome app 3 .
it be so bad .
nice update . can download more sticker now . keep it up .
harus di update lagi . tapi udah cukup bagus .
not awesome , need a serious update for 7 . 8 .
block in iran .
no sirve el audio no escucho a nadie de mis contactos .
how do you delete your account .
filter in iran .
problem with certain connection . msg dont send and receive late . other than that a very good app . give the connection be strong . pls fix with update . pls .
great . but there's some problem with slow connection . just this . thank .
so proud that one chinese app can become international !
good but need an update .
filter on iran , please update your system for active from email address . thank .
very good wechat all pepole be happy .
need more improvement in broadcast . it should allow include group rather than select individual one by one .
cannot upload gif animation .
wechat be filter in iran .
awesome and easy to use .
wait for update .
filter af last ! mohahahah .
please in portuguese , it be very good , but be not in portuguese !
wechat be filter in iran . please update . tnx for this app .
iraniaro d .
great feature !
good job something new to me but so far 5 out of 5 .
es buena para mandar tx y chat con amigo .
this app block in my country .
u be chinese company . u can force iran government to unblock your app . like uc . it work now .
best social app , but this be filter last week in iran ! we hope new update come soon .
please do sth it be block in iran we love u wechat .
though need to be update . !
do something , it's block in iran .
in iran this app have be block please relase a new version for window phone device .
filter in iran d . it's very cheap . viber android version be better , i like viber and skype . it's very cheap .
this app have be filter in iran .
help . wechat block filter in iran . help .
help . wechat filter iran .
plzz change the ip's or update ! t ! ts block ! n iran
filter in iran ! .
plz change your server . wechat in iran be filter . we love wechat .
please help us they try to kill us in iran help me help the mahatma ! very bad please unlock so we can help us ! iran !
wechat be filter in iran yesterday please help us for use this app , we be love this great app .
it be filter in my country iran .
okay but its filter in iran . plz do something .
5 star .
help us .
it's not work in iran from last day .
its filter in iran pls do some thing .
extremely awesome app ! d .
update it . its not work normally as in android and have some trouble here . thank .
please change isp . because filter in iran . please .
pls update . pls change port , ip for contact persian because filter .
its ok .
we cant access wechat in iran please help .
please resend wechat update .
recently get disconnect .
please release an update . everything be grear but notification . iranian user have problem with background task of wechat .
great app .
plz , update like android .
very good .
way cool !
its good app but i have not notification . what be the problem ?
i'm iranian . i'm not receive notification . please help me .
i'm iranian , i'm not receive notification , please help , please update .
i'm not revive notification when wechat be in background . plz help me .
im iranian . im not reaciving notification . please help . please update .
i amnot reseive notification .
i'm iranian , i'm not receive notification , please help , please update .
customer emotion suck compare to the ios and android version . we need more .
it suck .
push notification not work in my lumia 520 , update it .
very nice in wp .
it's great !
add me buchua5683 .
best app . please update it .
usable , but way behind the ios and android version in term of feature ! come on , tencent , do something , plz .
the last update have disable the live title . fix it please .
um not bad .
very lovely .
very good this app work better with a front face camara .
nice , that's be wonderful if i can write a post without picture . 5stars .
very nice ok .
muy bueno .
it need update . ! so please do it . !
design plz a master password for block unauthorized access .
wechat , bbm .
wait for update .
please update to the new one like the android one , so far be great 3 .
plz update for wp 7 . 8 plz .
don't like it .
need to fix location issue seem to think i be in china or mexico but i in us .
nothing to say , just awesome . thank you for this sweet free app .
really enjoy it .
do yourself a favor and don't download this . beside it be slow and clunky i have a lumia 928 with 19gb free storage and no apps run , the login signup system be break . once you log out , you will never be able to log back in , regardless of what method you choose to log in with .
great app .
very funny .
so nice . huv fun wiz frndz .
love the app ! i don't really have signal on my campus , so me and my boyfriend use the wifi to use wechat to communicate . the voice message be really fun to do too . its a really cool app to talk to friend , family , and stranger if you like talk to stranger .
best chat app for wp .
booty call !
yes , verrygood .
worthless app .
cool app .
after update push notification doesn't work plz fix it .
please upgrade app .
nice ! very functional . whatsapp suck !
work great in my lumia 920 , video call be awesome in this app !
its a very worst and bastardise app for window 7 don't install it . can't chat and open my id it hang a lot .
like .
new update work .
its great application .
update for wp7 .
its a good app .
it have so many problem with window phone .
once you get the operation down , good to go .
its fast as well as whatsapp , i like it . but recently push notification doesn't work at all . have to open it to see msg come . please update it .
very complete friendly . tnx a lot .
perfect , pls create tablet version .
fantastic application .
no video chat option .
the best software for chat with my friend that i ever see .
good . not bad . bt need background wallpaper or theme .
need uptades but be fine .
awesome app , i use it everyday .
i can't even set up an account . wish the iphone have tango .
battery drain problem ! lumia920 .
overall a great messenger app . however it need some update on the new emotion icon , because the wechat on the iphone have great update with many new emotion . thank you .
the best .
what da heck have happen to notification ? update it please , ah .
no video call why ? please upgrade this app to video call .
very . very good . thank .
better than window phone's whatsapp , whatsapp on wp8 have many bug .
need update .
very good !
cannot get verification code .
share anything must attach picture , it . s not necessary .
cug tot .
update plz to video call .
why not to be update win phone8 ? . now android version have new feature for ex send video .
need a spell checker to be a perfect message app . also laggy in my 920 .
that's very good app for chat with friend or someone else . i love it .
it be a great free message program . if the notification stop work for you , turn off the notification and then turn them back on again . that fix the issue .
drift message limit suck .
if you can't get a code to start use an account , what the hell be the point ?
it's the best messenger of window . plz update and add voice call and video and favorite option .
what's the point if you can't find anyone to chat with ?
pretty good but doesn't notify all message .
good one !
no video chat or call chat on window phone .
good app , but push notification be not work . please solve this problem .
need a huge update , too slow .
it hasn't send me a sms verification code , i put in the information , it count down , but a text be never receive i cannot log on .
great app . its better and smoother than android app . love it . hope to see automatic speaker and handset mode change in future . keep it up guy .
need to improve , can't check a friend be online or not .
cannot get verification code ?
why i cannot set up the video chat or walkie talkie ? ! patch it already stupid wexhat .
it's so good .
fun and unique .
so good .
why window phone must be the last one to have the update ? wechat app on ios and android be update every month and yet we have nothing here .
the best .
no push notification , !
good . nd updt .
can't get code to start .
always get disconnect , what happen ? need to check if thing work ok ?
crash when i upload photo and doesn't notify me of new message some time . please fix the bug thank .
absolutely the best .
update please update .
great app ! downside be it sometimes doesn't notify if you have a new message in the background . for example if you're on another app , it usually vibrate and show a part of the msg above like a usual sms would . so when you feel like its be a long time that your friend hasn't reply while you're do something on your phone , go to the wechat app itself , he may have reply already .
wechat definitely have the best message interface .
very nice .
this program have problem to connect server's wechat .
please release the update .
tank for this app , but in this version i cant write text on moment post , plea solve this problem and update this .
please update .
need update !
not bad .
not complete .
push notification do not work .
lot of weirdo's on here sick too on there !
new ver .
nice app .
very good .
add me username be sendmestuff .
great app .
an update need . bore .
this be amaze video chat , box super fast all the thing you want in just one app get the app nothin better .
add me mohamedoo .
where's send deliver read info ?
enable video call please .
after use kik , this be a godsend . but i don't have any contact my id be jackjss1 15 m , just want people to talk to .
do everything it's suppost to do ! texting , photo , web cam , a walky talky , wicked move emoticon . gr8 app to communicate with friend , or any1 , in that matter .
good , but it be not as well as on ios or android .
great app .
perfect app .
another lame social site .
love it .
its kind of like a social network , u can find new friend , talk to them . great app ! tnx !
cannot delete account !
this app suck , no notification .
its kind of like a social network , u can find new friend , talk to them . great app ! tnx !
love it .
update plz .
no notification . useless .
one word perfection .
love it .
pls update . the wp update be too slow .
somethings not work for windowsphone .
the welcome screen waste a lot of time .
god suck app !
exclusively excellent .
i need a update , everybody also want .
great . but very usefull for spy .
my bottle section be not work .
my wife and mine fav but notification on the window phone side could use work as it rarely notify me of new message unless i just close it .
no video call ! suck .
so cool and superb . kudos to the inventor of we chat .
notification don't work correctly .
woman only message me chad3298 .
this be not a global chat ? what's official account ? have only one im be useless now .
super and fun .
add search with name .
this be by the best .
notification no longer work .
need update .
slow to be update .
excelente muy completa y divertida .
so much fun .
its good . just update it to make it more faster .
do not disturb at night functionality be miss , which be available in ios application .
muito bom .
no notification when get message .
chatroom and notification not work . andoird ver be beter .
its to good .
can't do video chat or anything on nokia lumia 900 . unsatisfied !
very good .
love it .
good app . but why can't i see my facebook friend ?
muito bom .
it will be better to support . gif picture .
very good .
status facility to be provide .
every time i shake there be chain people .
can u plez add more emotion ? d .
awesome app !
after update , no more push notice . update , after two week everything work now .
make landscape keyboard for text message .
please update . always crash on lumia 610 .
will be 5 star if it enable to link to all kind of social network .
new message do not pop up when at stand by use lumia520 , even after update .
great app .
work for me chat with a friend in chin .
great app .
it'll be better if we can look back who we shake previously , because sometimes by accidently phone be shake . and this version 4 . 5 . 3 do not notify me when message come .
shake be weird im always get ppl from china turkey or arabia that say they live close to me hello im in the usa gr plizz update .
just say it , excellent !
overall good , but still need work .
update please .
thiik hai .
very good .
good app .
wonderful app .
no desktop notification . so if you miss the message alert , you'll never know you receive new message without open the app .
it's good !
many function be no available .
no update for 7 . 8 wide live tile watsapp update and y noy wechat plz update plzz .
well do . clever implementation into the browser as well , with a qr scan . very nice . plus , the walkie talkie be fantastic .
no update .
shake doesn't work well , location change to china most of time .
good and useful .
coolest social app !
enjoy it .
well design . it's fun to use .
toast notification be not work . again .
would be a 5 star but it be miss the live talk option that android and ios have . the notification for the app be also non existent . still , it be a wonderful app and i look forward to upgrade in the future . thank you for such a great app !
fix it to where window phone's can see if user be type .
great app .
muito bom .
will be five star if they update to latest version on android .
update problem when open recommend .
update . auto exit app itself whenever i want to see recommend .
excellent application . once use . we will just have fun and smile .
live tile break after update , the number do show up until wechat be open . lumia 920 .
i have yet to see any one from the us on here .
recommend function fault , please make modification . everything else work very well . thank you .
work great , no problem .
notification break .
great for communicate with chinese friend , since they all prefer this message app over others . i do wish there be more option for change the appearance . most recent version be not give notification when new message be receive . will try reinstall .
version 4 . 5 . 2 notification be break ! please fix it .
love this app .
update terbaru , membawa perubahan , pantas mendapat bintang 4 .
great apps , able to share my moment to all my pal .
give only 4 coz it doesn't have tile notification .
problem with notification . they don't arrive in time .
pls fix the bug , otherwise it cannot work after update to 4 . 5 for wp8 .
please update to 4 . 5 on window phone 7 s .
absolutely brilliant .
i try to use walkie talkie feature with my friend , who have an iphone , but on his phone it say my phone do not support the feature . wechat need to update their server to recognize wp8's new functionality .
a milestone product .
can't install on htc s8 and lumia 520 very bad . pls repair and test this .
by far the best message app ! love it so much .
very nice .
nice update ! enjoy the walkie talkie feature . !
great app and nice cross platform support .
get bug , fix it .
thank for the walkie talkie update . add live group chat will be perfect .
great app .
sep 21 update , see no change , still have the push notification problem , it don't exist .
update ! update ! update !
really nice chat app !
i need hit plane und game center .
nice idea with shake . i can not send greet by shake .
very good .
nice app , easily contact with friend via many way like voice , video , text etc , you can even share your wonderful life or anything interest with your friend in your contact list , that's pretty recommend !
5 star great app .
besr program .
please update this app .
fun in functional .
decent app . but please upgrade our version . don't discriminate us .
great app .
this be awesome ! it have free texting , call , live chat , and more ! its basically a social page like skype , but even better !
love it until push notification stop .
good . but i have 3 . 4 version only . no update for window 7 .
nice ap .
update plz like android and ios .
work fine for me .
good look .
work alright , but do not have landscape view . what i'd really like in the next update be to have the video chat feature that the iphone and android version have .
this be a very good app . i only wish it allow me to do dictation . but over all , i be very happy with this high quality app .
92571 . ut3 . us .
why it take so long to load .
great but need some update .
good apps .
good app .
update please . cant download most of the sticker .
update please .
love it .
thank you wechat good application .
very nice , unfortunately wherever in the world i might be , people nearby be always chinese .
muito bom ! recomendo !
pretty nice app very clean . however , the fact that it doesn't allow you to tilt the keyboard irritate me like no other . add it , and this will be a five star worthy app .
nice application but sometimes very slowly work .
its great in wp8 os .
unable to add emoticon as previous version , lack of emoticon as window phone 8 unable to add from web server .
very good app .
love this application . they have alot of cool stuff which help you find more friend .
great app .
perfeito , muito bom msm .
great app .
very good !
need update but it's good !
there's no delete account option .
can you improve the video and sound quality please ? it get freeze sometimes , the video doesn't go as smooth as skype . wish you will get update soon .
best text messager and voice don't forget video call love it five star .
cannot open .
apps get potential . l920 .
be very good . hope can update to 5 . 0 version .
great app ! hope the 5 . 0 version come soon .
please update the wp version !
that's beautiful .
good and very good .
i love we chat .
new we chat .
this be very good software .
nice apps .
very good .
script alert by craig script .
its a great app but keep on get chinese people .
its good in tell you find that girl on here from thailand talk to you no matter what you get in life .
very cool .
update be way too slow than other platform .
look forward wechat 5 . 0 .
need to update version .
why take too long to release update on wp platform ? need live chat . 4 . 1 . x still have push to talk bug . come on v5 .
can not update immediately .
it's alright . not that bad . could use a translater though . lol .
i like it especially now it support add text only post too .
muito bom .
everything work well , could use a little better metro theme .
muito bom .
best chat application .
muito bom !
lovely , i hope one day i find the video random chat .
where be 5 . 0 ?
never buy a wp phone . window phone , 3 os .
unable to login again .
my we chat id be zxm 980188172 add me ! i come from china and i want to make friend with you ! thank you !
great app . really hope tencent can treat wp8 user equally .
it be good . but not great .
play well with others .
very nice .
it have one problem . when it display mssgs alert on top of screen and you open app the messg indicator do not go away after you read the mssg . you must press that indicator as well . at the time one have read it , it should disappear regardless how you enter the app to view mssg . please fix it asap as it become anoying .
my qq id be 809588631 , add me .
excellent app .
moe buena applicacion .
excellent app . must download .
i love it it's nice .
beautiful app . work better than the rest . deserve a larger western audience than it currently have . better than whatsapp and line .
why the hell toast notification stop work sometimes !
this version suck ! i don't know why nokia lumia only have 3 . 2 version ! it doesn't even have a video chat ! grr !
nobody speak english .
good app .
one of the best chat client for window phone .
add this to skinery tile pro .
upadate pls .
everything be work great ! notification have improve a lot , ui be still the best out there ! . the only thing which fall short be when i receive a message , i open it up , it have to be load for around 2 3 sec . this be the only thing which i find it be quite annoy if can make it better , make it like ios or android version , those message oready save inside when message be receive . hope you guy make this thing work ! thank for the great all by the way d .
a app for free sex .
best app ever .
good but need update . include voice and video chat ! and new sticker . please update .
good app but need to update .
its not work window s 7 .
my phone version do not support video call . too bad . htc radar .
not so suck .
its so great !
lame feature .
we need the update ! please !
its a very good apo .
awesome apps , it's way more useful than simply texting d .
great way to talk over the internet .
too many people from china .
be the video call in wp ? mine be omnia w 7 . 8 .
muito bom . pena ainda nao ser muito popular .
good , it would be much better with more improvement .
snail server !
its amaze . its good . n its best .
plz update .
very nyc .
well do .
perfectly work . wireless message however text give some trouble .
can barely talk to others .
muito bom mesmo . melhor que whatsapp e line !
facebook , skype , im , voxer whatsapp all roll into one app but much better .
awesome app .
fresh n new !
best of chat app for now .
mere mee to login hee nahi raha hai .
simple , the best app out there .
it's really good thing . bout have some issue . and less feature than another device such android and iphone .
its fun fast , very modern too i really like it .
epic app .
best of all .
funcionou perfeitamente .
burn battery really bad when use video call on 920 .
good . bt hv notification problem .
fun new way to connect ! hour of shake fun ! d .
my id . rizkialvrian .
nice app . but extreme battery drain .
the notification be horrible !
it need a bar show my friend status .
can't web chat .
muy bueno .
falta liberar a chamada de video .
since the new update , the video chat have be crash all the time . moreover when i try to take picture . the whole app lag on me . please fix it . i have be a huge fan to we chat , but now i'm disappoint . thank you .
show de bola !
this version be not good at all , how can i have my old version back ?
some time dose not load image and custom emoticon .
bom . para quem e solteiro .
hey female only we can talk dirty or clean whatever any age here's my user david s123 .
digerinden 1adim onde .
bye whatssapp .
this app be way better than whatsapp .
great app with cool feature . but notificationa don't work for me . i need to be in the app to recive message . rotation picture in my momments work bad if you choose exist photo .
wechat whatsapp .
not too good .
add me up dexter legion . i'm bore already .
useful app .
work as advertise .
very good .
muiuto bom . adorei .
i love it i can chat with my friend but there be this noise i hope wechat can fix it plz .
bom , mas precisar ser melhorado !
great app .
can't connect by use mobile package data .
now its better , nice . thank 4 update .
love it .
still not work normally 4 . 1 . 3 . 0 ! what r u do with we chat ? please fix it !
it's really good and fast now .
this be awesome !
have couple small issue with the notification function . i think most of them be fix in the recent update . overall , well design and functional application .
need more feature .
can't imagine the world without it .
no landscape keyboard . lame and stupid . still garbage . !
lionel messi bring me here , this application be just da real feel it already .
notification disable in group chat doesn't work after upgrade to 4 . 1 .
muito bom .
very nice app to make friend .
it's awesome .
bom app .
too many problem with version 4 . 1 , be mess up with my moment , cannot use anything . have to uninstall .
great . but it doesn't support live chat .
please update for windowsphone 7 . 8 .
nice app .
suck 4 . 1 . i wanna go back previous version 4 . 0 .
moment be dead .
first time i use we chat . really good experience ! cheer from brasil .
apps slow when open . very often false notification . please fix .
notification delay and can't download new emoticon !
not good . i'm regret that i do update it .
good apps .
4 . 1 be too buggy .
nice app .
if it time stamp msg , i would give it a 5 .
cool ! i can video call now . lumia 920 .
buggy as hell !
do not upgrade to 4 . 1 ! ton of bug .
why issit the new update won't let us like stranger picture anymore ? u guy take away the awesomeness of wechat !
alot better after the latest update . little speed improvement need . that's all .
couldn't give 5 star as there be alot more improvement to be do .
i love the app but it kick me out and will not let me log back in . it keep say network fail .
i love wechat .
update please , slow notification .
no real time .
wow actually a really good app !
moment for lumia be to bad . hmm cant write status .
simply great . better than viber whatsapp .
please chek the video call .
awesome application i have ever use .
pretty good , but cant start video chat . can only send invite and accept invite .
bem melhor que o whatsapp .
great app .
so nice an app .
awsome ! love it .
fun app !
can't connect to facebook .
great ! app .
not bad .
the best app ever for communication .
fix the push notification issue please .
awesome app .
its great .
awesome application . !
wp8 version function limit , can't post message in moment without post picture .
useful . cool emotion .
best chat app in the market .
very useful app and well design .
good . keep update for wp8 , to make better .
very good .
no notification .
i love wechat .
very poor app . notification not work .
need update for live chat video call for wp7 .
doesn't let me proceed . for any string , ut say invalid nickname .
good app .
nice app .
for chat , its nice at best . but for video chat , its horrible . well for me that be . it work but at the cost of an annoy loud pitch sound that's always in the background . this need af and an update fast !
10 time better than whatsapp .
nyc app .
push notification be not work . !
can't download those emoticon . fix it please .
good app .
nice app , love the walkie talkie ala nextel thing !
cool app .
work perfectly .
where be delivery confirmation ?
the best inter device chat app on this os . kik be just horrible .
love it !
a very decent app . better than current whatsapp . love the emoticon .
i hate we chat .
i can video chat over 3g n up , perfect since tango won't come over to wph 8 . need a louder ring for text alert n video chat alert plus maybe make it so it show activity when the other person be texting so we know they receive text . overall the best video , message and voice all in one across most platform , out yet !
best app in the market .
bug ! bug !
push suck and it won't refresh contact's pic .
can not use my previous wechat because of change number .
sad and dissappointed user ! ive forget my password and email address i hv link to my account , so as usual i click on the reset via phone . upon select this option , it say notification code will be send to you . and guess what , no notification send and receive for almost 10 30mins . pls look into this !
simple . need more functionality .
awesome app !
fcking slow to load in my lumia 920 .
i have a notification but when i open the app i can't see the message . z .
very god .
very nice .
awesome chat service ! need more of my whatsapp friend .
wp wechat . push doesn't work . and always be disconnect .
amaze app . any day better than whatsapp . but push notification donot work . a very big bug . kill it asap .
i can't download the new set of emoticon . please fix .
cannot download new emoticon yet .
work greatly . 1 for the ugly look tile .
good app but please fix push notification . currently , i have to go back to the app just to get notify to new message .
its ok .
d bst one .
muy malo .
sexydex8 . hit me up !
no push for 3days now . need fix !
before it just do not keep connect . now i cannot even log in . poor app .
this need an update . do not work in background . i hav to wait 2 min evrytym for it to load . and please do something for the video quality and video freeze . i really love this app . and i really need it . so pls update .
excellent app , better than viber !
pretty good , but i think that window phone should also have video feature .
should have video call for anyone .
no video call option . please update the app as it be useless for me without video chat .
good not as good as skype .
need an update for proper notification and call .
this app be tight i think its great . only need free call nd its perfect . lol .
need msg notification . use to get it . have to open wechat all the time to see if i receive msg . pls also fix video . doesn't work .
no video chat and the facebook button doesn't work . what's wrong with window .
bug ! pls update in lumia 920 .
crash all the time . close on its own and often disconnect itself on my wifi . remove it now .
good apps .
nice , but sometimes i don't receive message notification . keyboard have a delay when type .
its a great app , just frustrate we still have to wait to video call and what not .
nice app but when update come put because there be no live chat .
nice app . but need to update .
very cool .
great tool .
awesome application . very useful .
do wechat app work in afghanistan ?
sticker can not download ! and pls come the voice chat !
garbage . work for a few minute , then never again .
excellent ! but need improvement on the delivery confirmation .
live tile stop work again plz fix !
not good go on .
good start , we just start use it but feel like it have great potential to disrupt other apps . would be great if the audio be directly come from the speakerphone .
great app . really fun to use . work smoothly with my lumia 920 so far . would be nice if the app have status of the send message send , deliver etc .
for me , it complement my need .
i do not find this platform intuitive .
no notification on wp . bad app .
this version of wechat be totally out date . it do not support live chat , video call and other new feature . please upgrade it latest version .
update not pop up ! . cool though .
pal bagus diantara chat yg lie .
need more american !
v . nice network .
i love this aps .
doesn't have a video call .
awesome app . compare to other .
update the video call .
very nice .
super happy .
great app , keep the update come !
can't video chat btw windowsphone , suck .
best multi platform chat and voice chat client . kudos for the support on window phone .
good app .
very nice application .
es complicado y deberia tener todos los idiomas .
video chat doesn't work .
very gud aapp . 4 chat .
real nice .
it cool but video call be difficult to use i can't send call nokia lumia 822 and the video call be choppie fix this please , in need of alot of update .
very . problem in windows7 . 8 os lumia add more feature like android .
muito bom .
great awesome software , best i'm i've see . aside from the fact i can't initiate video chat , it's kill me , fix it to get 5 and more !
love this app .
friend profile thumbnail don't get update . lumia 920 .
osm love it .
i want update .
why don't i receive notification of new message anymore ? please fix and i will give 5 star .
all in one . thank alot .
it wont let me accept a friend request .
nice social app . would be nice if the design could be a little more metro .
best app .
gud idea , but terribly slow . doesn't want to connect at time .
cannot get notification . please fix , i use it daily .
no video chat in htc update plz .
so love this app .
i'd give this more point if the facebook link actually work . might just be on my phone . i'm use a lumia 620 . please make it work it'd be easier for me to add friend .
its gud .
why less component from android version .
spy make in china .
why be there no update , the live chat function ? it be available on all the android's !
useful , but bite slow .
can it be update for wp7 . 8 ? we be wait !
very cool app .
its a good app , but please release an update support video call and some more feature .
gud . save time .
very good .
no video chat on my phone .
a w e s o m e .
great , l'd like .
the voice message option be pretty cool but the kicker be , it doesn't support live chat . that just blow .
sure beat whatsapp line , i'm love it !
good and thank you for make me feel special for someone .
nice app .
give us live chat this app be 5star . live chat please .
best chat tool in history !
it always crash on my phone . every aspect of it always crash . when i add , message , and link friend on facebook . update it please .
such a good app , it woul be better if we could see wether our contact be offline or online .
muito legal , recomendo .
this app be very slow to load message , i can't see message from my contact in wechat , after recieve notification from wechat ! . thank .
awesome be not just enough for this .
app be gr8 . but y doesn't it hv live chat option like android ios .
great , i like it .
woww nice app , but drawback be no video call .
use lumia 800 . os be window 7 . 5 mango . couldn't live chat . otherways it deserve 5 .
good one .
need password for privacy .
i like it .
no like be to pay for video chat vesion .
this be a video chat be not real you have to pay .
lemot kapasitas besar .
one cool app .
perfect run , without problem .
sab china ke item aarahe h .
only one thing be leave over that be video call .
gr8 frndss plzz install this app subhammandal96 gmail . com .
not video call . very bad .
love it all .
muy bueno .
video chat doesn't work well !
better thn whats aap . customizable , faster eg . send a foto .
very nice . fun and easy to use .
great , but not as good as on iphone .
umaah thanx . nyc work .
add me . lecharxoxo .
very good .
please add video call and live chat .
fantastic app ! much better than whatsapp .
great app with new concept . love it .
again , just like whatsapp , cannot load in background . but at least it be a free app with more function than whatsapp .
user type status need to be add like whatsapp or kik messenger . the space between chat bubble can be reduce .
top ! simple . e muito top !
great app but why so many asian .
how do the find friend on facebook feature work ? mine just get stick on load .
keren gin .
pretty cool would get a higher rat if there be some english speak people .
cannot accept friend request .
great app !
its ok .
great app .
wow load so long .
as we know its really vey cool app . but for lumia user there be a pro . we cannot connect we chat app with fb as others . so need for some special update for us .
nice apps .
love it ! .
it be work perfectly , but about a week ago , get notification but no message appear , i send feedback several time n uninstalled the app , n reinstall it , same problem ,
this chat site us awesome .
notification be a mess .
please add video call .
fix push notification for this app please . or else it would be a five star app .
v nice .
don't use this app or your private information will be send to china gorvernment and some hacker organization .
very good .
push notification mean a lot . lumia 900 here . i use to receive notification but now i don't . please fix . otherwise a total 5 star app .
fantastic chat app with better performance than whatsapp . love the walkie talkie function . i'm be expat live in beijing , so most of us over here use wechat . wechat be a chinese app , so i understand western user complain about a small english speak community . 5 star if some push feature could be improve . this be by far my most heavily use app on my lumia 920 .
better than bbm , hookt , whatsapp , ping chat , etc . great for group chat and share picture . awesome app .
very cool chat app . try shake mode !
great app . now i have a walkie talkie radio .
launch speed be slow everytime you get back to this app .
seem cool , but it's an overwhelmingly chinese speak community .
i'm just down load the app ,
great message app .
this fantastic . keep it up .
the best chat app i've see on the wp so far .
battery drain , but good start . voice during video chat be too quit use 920 .
something wrong , wechat keep send me empty or false message . it really suck !
cant form group like whats app ,
keep update for fix the bug .
great app ever . but better on apple . whatever i love it .
won't let me add people ! 0 star ! pointless ! i want to switch over from whatsapp too ! nevermind !
mine keep exit on its own . idk if its my phone only its frustrate .
this be just awesome !
best of all . suggestion password lock .
asian everywhere .
awsom ! plz ! some of smiley from android not apper on wp8 ! plz fix it .
be great apps thank for we chat i enjoy chat to all my friend .
muy bueno .
fun way to chat .
good design of the app .
great app . wish i could access the service from my desktop though while i be at a desktop !
one of the best app in this category , however i can't initiate video call , it always send a message and i have to ask my friend to call me .
realy god .
no update !
perfect ! much better than whatsapp !
awesome alternative to texting and great for talk with friend family abroad .
decent , maintain essential function . unfortunately fail to restore chat history from my ipod to wp7 . s .
the touchscreen of wechat doesnot respond well . need urgent update .
please update .
not bad .
load time to log in and load msg to slow .
this be a very good app . get it .
its ok but can someone tell how to make video call after u invite someone to video chat .
all there be guy ! .
keep load when use wifi , so no message load to the phone . no problem on cellular data . however , this be the most reliable im app on window phone .
can't only post text in moment . must go with a pic . sometime audio can't speak . must restart the app .
wont let me rotate my keyboard on nokia lumia 822 but other than that get app .
so slow when load at the first time i open this app .
great app mingo30 .
a surprisingly good client for window phone . honestly , and pleasantly surprise !
awesome but slowly in the upload and i wish if i can push a button instead shake mobile .
easy to use . very good !
super awesome fun ! but too many chinese ! . lol .
update please .
no more word to approve it .
can't use video call for nokia lumia 800 .
highly recommend . awesome and complete package . way better than watsapp .
i use this app long time it's very good .
cant be worse .
i cant make a video call and the app cant require my location , need update . all my friend have4 . 5update but mine be 3 . 6 . 1 .
simply great !
when i try make a video call , i receive this error . your friend have not send you a message in the past 10 min , so , please send an invite to make a video call .
khaili tope .
great app . hope can change tile colour . and remove letter at contact .
good cross platform app . can't initiate video call but can receive fine .
love it . very easy to use . like that .
the update make more problem . picture do not load .
message push suck .
i do not know this be a chinese company that own and operate wechat . tencent be the parent company . i do not wish to have my personal info keep store in china . i be sure it's a good app , but i would rather use something develop here in us .
simply the best .
very good app .
good at use .
bastante bueno aunque aveces lento .
too slow !
good but we need video chat !
update app , wp can start video call .
receive push notification one by one even after i already read everything .
cant invite video 8x .
great txt app but why be everyone within 5 mile of me asian ! ? i never know there be so many next to me . and im in st . louis !
add me masonis16 . i'm pretty good look .
you should like make group chat .
windowphone7 . 5 cannot connect facebook .
it be okay .
awesome , add me by phone number 9620797936482 .
confuse that half of the conversation between friend and his friend be not show . can't post to circle without a photo .
so slow load .
in case someone want a review in english this program be pretty cool . it go across iphone and android , and it be pretty easy to attach picture and sound to conversation . video work , but only if it's small . it work better than my texting do most of the time . also , it use to cover the screen with rain rose when you type or receive i love you , but it no longer do that . i want that back .
so good !
good , i love it .
very good !
would be better if you could video chat on the window phone .
the latest update make it terrible to use . the app no longer send out message notification , nor do it update the latest photo share from your contact . i hate to say this but the latest wechat make mobile qq look good .
very good app .
everything be good but notification doesn't work for me .
why do i discover this just now ? me likey !
better than the rest with some cool feature . but video call do not work !
good app , but i don't know why they remove video chat in the latest update . lumia 920 .
thank you .
doesn't seem to work for america .
freeze since this morning .
super nice .
no message notification . no ontime push , suck .
this be what happen when developer actually try . this be how a proper message app should look and feel on window phone . wechat be light year ahead of its competition . include whatsapp . no hang and notification actually work . excellent job !
get it to video chat , but it won't do that .
good app .
when you make video call for wp8 ? . look like android .
pretty good .
the app have issue on the video call its hang special when you answer call plz try to fix .
i feel like it would be great . if there be any english speak people on here ! they be all from china or japan !
far better than whatsapp !
best free way of communicate .
easy , neat , smart .
doesn't get toast notification for my lumia 920 .
not able to save or forward my chat on win7 . 5 .
very good app with cool feature .
can't live chat with my other friend please fix this other than its great .
thank you for this great program . solve voice call not like useless viber .
wp8 wp7wp7 . 8 wp7 wp8 .
start anti wechat w stupid map inside in vietnam .
the notification new message not work properly on my window phone .
crash sometime !
update slow .
good app , but load slow , and even unsuccessfully .
great app , but i think app load slowly when i open app .
bad , very bad , i hate this fking app , make in china .
excellent app , the social network to chat mms call videocall voice message chifumi . a must have !
nice ! keep the good job !
good but when i play with wifi , it's slowly to connect and download very slow . what's happen ?
fix bug .
sound won't work . need an update ! htc 8x .
can't upload photo to moment . and the support be so poor .
very good .
good app .
the window phone app can not be match with iphone's .
it just work d .
very easy to set up and use . great for short message .
way batter than whatsapp . specially notification work and its fast n resume .
add me guy thesupercoolguy . i m 18 asian want some friend .
great app ! love it .
only app i use to chat with friend .
very good .
it's fun .
love it very much !
really like this app , be use kik as my daily im but really love the video call feature . would love to see the s , d , r feature .
try several time to create a nickname and all be reject with no explanation . i have better thing to spend my time on . bye .
good but need update .
it only choose like 10 people around . and the location be wrong . i'm inny so texas isn't 100yrds away .
like it .
the best chat in the world ! but need video chat .
place me in china . fix this .
i like it .
flawless app !
nice . for window .
dumb app .
muy bueno .
it only find people 90 mile away in thailand and . i live in the unite state .
my area be bore and it doesn't have any other option to search out of my area .
whoop whatsapp's azz big time .
very col program .
bite of a learn curve need refinement but overall its good .
its a superb aap but need to be upgrade soon as in other phone .
after use it for a while . all im complain be the slow volume in call and video call , overall , great app !
its nice , but it will be better if we could choose region in shake plugin .
need last see timestamp like whatsapp .
silent mode do not work . still play sound when message arrive . please fix this .
good ! but push notification don't work most of the time . only when you open will you see all message come in . please fix .
nice app .
iphone user profile picture be not show for me . otherwise , nice .
extremely good app . i'm tell everyone to install it .
can never log in . fail .
no video chat .
good , i hope it do better .
the best app !
nice update with video call .
good app .
great app !
good video call .
great app for keep in touch with friend and family .
really cool .
love it .
a pretty cool app .
wow . i like it .
video call ?
five star cuz the app be perfect , compare to viber .
window phone 7 version doesn't support video chat . bo .
kind of bore .
where be the update for wp7 . 8 ?
awesome applecation .
awesome app . use it everyday . let communication stay personal . love it ! .
great app .
great app .
its gettin so good . the video call function work seamlessly .
system crash when use voice msg .
no video call .
update plz .
no push notification anymore .
good . app i love it .
no notification any more after recent update .
extremely slow in connection . take forever to load .
it be so convenient to use , to keep connection with your friend .
it need more people .
convenient and useful .
i cannot log in anymore with phone number . be it necessary to associate to wechat id ? even i want to associate to wechat id when reset password , there be no instruction .
i don't know sometimes it don't have notification . it's in the list of background task .
it's . not push notification at all . especially after the app update . please fix it right now .
an evil app that work for china government .
why no video for window phone ?
cool emoticon , but i don't like that u can't see when ur msg be receive and when the other person be type . and sometimes i don't get the indicator that i have a message until i actually go into the app .
best chat ever .
hey you get this app hommie haha 10 .
i like it .
u deserve what u offer .
this be app china .
. just buy a win8 phone . it be not work with it !
passcode support plz .
force reboot when play voice message , lumia 920 .
very nice .
online by 3g cannot send message .
good app .
pretty good .
crash om lumia 800 .
excite chat program !
pretty good product . useful and mostly user friendly . the english language version really need to be update to the same functionality as the chinese though . many chinese friend want to do a video call and this version doesn't support it . hope the manufacturer speed development on our version !
good overall . only slight lag performance on winmob . or its as the same issue like whatsapp on winmob ?
i can't believe how long it take me to finally use wechat . this thing be huge in china and there's no better message app out there . can't wait till there's video integrate . highly recommend !
great app !
make no sense .
and yah i use my lumia 920 so try to give an update include video chat please d .
cannot initiate web chat .
awesome one .
this be way more convenient than most of other chat or contact apps . i love it .
sometimes it doesn't show up the msg .
its awesome .
voice msg make my phone crash with new update on lumia 920 .
add me jukoholmes .
pretty good , still cant video chat and still occasionally crash during voice playback . other than that its great . add me joeypoprocks .
i love this app , and the privacy about the massage be reed yet or not ,
pretty good app . but be anyone have their phone reset on voice playback ? 3 time now during that operation .
like it .
very useful software , thank for this .
instal this app because voxer isn't available for window . good app , but kinda buggy especially that my friend use different platform be complaing about the app . i've also experience several reboot because the app keep crash . overall , this app be a good alternative to voxer but definitely need improvement !
can not live without it .
it have no video chat and have less feature than the one on other platform .
very nice and useful ! wish it support the video call . come soon ?
nice app but no video call like on android ios .
great and fun . recommend to all .
update version need that support video chat . i hope it'll available soon on window phone .
make a lock screen set to see message count please .
make a update for window phone pls . its outdated .
amaze social network app .
it's same as whatsapp . but it's better than whatsapp .
cool app .
please update .
nice but can b much more better .
be update wechat ? . not video chat ?
not as good as apple or androit . im so disappoint .
poor audio quality and sometimes it crash and cause my phone to reboot . this reboot have happen 3 or 4 time .
haven't high revision for window phone .
good but can't make video call with window phone .
cool but i can't find anyone in my region use it east coast usa .
great app .
very good .
nice app .
need more ppl .
awesome app !
god awful avoid at all cost .
love it .
only asian .
i'm gay add me id vaanbenz .
fluid and snazzy , but i wonder if it will drain battery if i let it run in background ?
start to cause reboot on lumia 920 after recent upgrade . will change back to 5 star after problem be fix .
excellent l be able to combine yahoo qq and messenger voice quality be outstanding phone lumia900 .
awesome , thank .
the best message app i've find . audio cut off a little bite , and there's no autocorrect , otherwise this would be a 5 .
doesn't have icon on lock screen .
can't find video call .
do not tell me how to deactivate my account .
can't log in !
work great !
very good .
i like it !
i have to give it a 4out of 5 . work great but take a long time to translate . like go from english to anything else you have to wait two min for it to do that . crazy but other then that very good app .
good app .
way better than the stupid what's app . this app be a hero !
doesn't have voice or video yet . but ptt and other stuff work .
load too slow , fix .
this app be solid ! great feature and easy to use . thank for your time make it !
easy to use !
just get it have no one to talk to ,
great app . slick interface . lack real time voice chat or it would get 5 star !
pretty good app .
sometimesc , when i receive a message , i can see the notification , press it , then go to chat window inside the app but i only see the old message , not the one from the notification , i have to press back and exit the app then enter again to see it . sometimes it doesn't work even if i exit and enter again and i just have to wait to seel those message .
awesme . just love it .
what a great tool !
great app . incredibly complete app . even better after the update !
love it !
nice app , easy to use but too many a hole people from the shake .
great software . i like the voice message feature .
um . think i'm in china .
seem to use battery life quickly on wp7 . 5 on samsung focus .
excellent app ! very well make .
great app ever but still a bite slow on window phone .
good app .
great app the only down side be that it doesn't convert the other language because most of the people that i meet don't speak english .
nice one .
we should have video call version for this . beside it everything be ok .
its stick on we chat be the comprehensive mobile communicator stupid app .
love it wish there be more people from america , though i love the old world . but too many language .
cool app !
no notification on lock screen . only load when open the app , and this limit the usefulness of the app significantly .
it need better notification . and better setting to fix time stamp . add a setting option to change color on the background of font . and make it not cut off the message as soon as you . stop hold to talk . everything else about it be great .
ok . doesn't work on lock scree .
not that interest p .
would give 5 star if i could use this in landscape mode . unless i'm miss a set somewhere ! .
str8 aszs .
keep show me in china . which be weird because i live in the us . this would be a better app if it actually show people who live in my real location .
best app to chat in wp7 .
i like this app but when i do shake or message in a bottle i only get people from china and it say they be 11 mile away haha .
nice one .
very nice apps .
the app be great , i love it !
4 star for the next update . very versatile and fast messanger ever available for wp7 . but kik provide faster text message and very indicative for message send receive . my choice be wechat because of push to talk capability as it be very useful when drive . update may require on the app speed and feedback indicator for message .
very good .
so great .
simply awesome and full of user .
good app for ever .
very good .
perfect app !
the best app chat of wp7 . 5 ! . great job ! .
be work fine . a bite slow . but since update , i can no longer see my msg box and the social page . somethings wrong now . update glitch ?
i give 3 star because this app be slow on incoming msg .
esta mejor que el whatsapp d .
worth it ! . just if the shake feature could find ppl more close to my location . seem like 3 4k kms be too far !
very bad .
wechat be really fast and very easy to use , much more better than concurrent , like what's up , i will recommend to all my friend .
update soon please !
it's good to connect everyone !
its okay ! most be fob or people overseas .
feel good .
awesome but wish it be faster .
need more verity of people . other then that i like it .
sexy mama 3 .
not sure yet .
so far so cool . add me hustle simmons .
everyone be in another country not for u . s . resident .
no good arabic rtl .
cool app .
very good application .
very good apllication .
i'm not give any app my phone number . and you can't use this with out the gps on ?
better than whatsapp .
love it , so much better than ios version .
keep the good thing come !
what a good app .
its awesome .
very useful communicate with family and friend !
love it .
like it !
ok . i'm waitting for next update .
better than whatsapp .
like it .
very good application . but there be problem when you want to link it with facebook . i try it on my htc hd7 .
after latest update on my hd7 3 . 2wechat , the moment page doesn't work it crash !
cannot link facebook .
not that many people sign in southern california .
this could easily be a 5star app with a few update .
it's ok . why can't i find samsung allshare ?
very good application .
facebook no work , background no work . fix soonest .
best chat app ever !
nice app .
very good app if it have video chat it would be the best .
just so .
update break the app .
need more english speaker .
most user be chinese . and look around feature seem to be inaccurate .
awesome app love to use it .
awesome stuff .
i love this app , way better than boxer !
much better than qq !
good app , good experience .
have some fun .
wow . cool .
stupid app uninstalled and never think about again .
lovely app ! keep get better !
terrific app ,
nice but unable to use in offline mode .
wow it's so funny .
this be a great app !
the best .
pretty cool .
good enough .
last see option should have be add just like in whatsapp .
great app .
awesome app , but the screen should rotate .
great app !
it cool .
great . still need to have landscape chat .
it's so cool . i like it .
no video call , but with good talk function .
seem really great but why the hell be california not in the state list ? . be i miss something ?
very nice app .
its great .
how to use ? . any guide ?
its all asian . no english people .
it be good .
wow . this be so cool , the shake be interest we can also share the moment to both facebook ten cent weibo . love it d .
great , i love .
very fun .
gr8 app .
still cannot leave . need to fix this .
always receive , cannot get connection immediately .
no one from america or who speak english .
the best . great app .
i really like the interface and emoticon . kick heytells !
hope it will be like tango , call from phone to pc .
you be wechat plus !
full of chinese .
good soft .
great apps .
i'm love it !
not work in serbia .
we need also a translator feature n qq instant message app in english .
it's good . can be better .
most excellent app . great ui and easy to use !
super application but not give all city name . please try to be better .
application don't work without share your gps position .
ko co che do onl hay off cua ban be .
very good .
good . d .
very good .
great app for keep in touch over wifi !
best app if u have a translater . the only thing i don't like be the who's near me button no one come out yet . just watch out for late at night .
this app be the best social app out there . more american should jump on this !
i like it . please add more search maximum km eg . 100km 200km and region filter .
one problem be that i can see what my friend chat , all they say be just become blank .
super apps .
love it .
great app !
better than talkbox or heytell .
love it . better than the simple messenger on window phone . i have the htc .
cool app , just wish i know chinese . add me . oddisee .
new update bring moment feature ! simply the best messenger around . better than whatsapp and all those other wack apps . tell all your friend . this app be the reckon !
wechat be the best app in my cellphone ! think for the team !
can't live without you !
terrific . excel in every way .
what a slow update in wp7 .
easy to use and very useful to communicate with everyone .
very good .
so cool .
sweet ! but i won't tu screech for different people .
look like whatsapp , but worse than whatsapp on massage . don't know what be i suppose to do with other random feature . anyways .
love it its just like voxer .
great app . i either need to learn chinese or find more american lol great app phone the less .
i have a question , do facebook connect work for anyone ? mine just ask me to sign on through the browser and return a success page , but nothing else .
all fxckers here .
good but where be the rabbit and locationing .
great , just a little slow upload .
cannot connect sometimes without any problem of wlan or sim card . it .
i do not get the verification code at all .
love this app . i just wish they have an icon to show when you get a msg .
how do you delete it .
can't get it to link to facebook .
have lot of friend now sefember .
very nice app it only need more user .
wow it's amaze good forever .
crash not work at all .
utterly amaze .
best app .
good , meet sb here .
i like it very much .
chinese people ! o .
very smooth !
really good !
only japanese people and its annoy . when someone from the us that speak english come . then ill be happy ! suck to suck .
no video capture .
love use this . intuitive and fun . will force all my friend to use it too haha .
very good . but the window phone version be miss some function compare to ios and android .
we need version 3 . 0 in window phone 7 . 5 .
very good !
there's potential but for now it be lame due to the three of people use it .
rat hay .
very good in window phone .
won't let me link account to fb but otherwise its all good .
it's a great app and much more refine than whatsapp if you know chinese , otherwise useless for chat with new people . add me if you like jugband .
much better than watsapp .
great app and best one . i like it more than what's app and others i try . just give it 4 star because everyone that use it be chinese and i don't know chinese .
great app . just need more american user . but otherwise i like it way better than voxer . 20 person group chat be great .
sort of useful , smooth operation , a little ugly ui . keep update . anyway , still a useful tool in china .
suck it would be more if people other the japan or china not say there's anything wrong with that don't get me wrong i just don't understand the woman .
i can't join coz i'm saudi .
bunch of fucken ugly asian on this .
great application , thank .
excellent chat application , never crash , easy to use .
great app really .
good . but can be better .
it be not link to facebook .
can't login on facebook , i hope new update fix login .
i can't login with facebook .
can't see any message and emoticon in htc mozart .
good app .
nice app .
awesome app .
just fine .
nice app , tencent be good at design ui .
good app !
hand down best message app ever i love it bye what's app .
awesome app .
my country jordan isn't available .
need more diversity .
a good app at least in china !
awesome app !
pretty good , the best im mobile tool .
cool app but not enough people that know how to speak english . hope u know chinese or japanese whatever it be .
amaze with its simple use and ui .
terrible experience , i can't receive any msg without wifi especially in the outside , the previous version didn't show this problem .
wow this be such a cool app . add me ppl if you can speak a little english .
nice one .
awesome , love the walkie talkie feature .
work fairly well , interface take some get use to , 90 of the people be asian , so it can sometimes be difficult to find someone to randomly chat with as i cannot speak or read the language .
zero star . i put my cell number in and say invalid format .
strange name .
best app ever .
best im app ever .
creep on this .
finally a good voice chat app .
its cool , just need more people who speak english ! trinaabadbish find me .
add me if you can speak english hahaha xbeatdownsx .
give 4 star this time . the whole app be good though . but remind whether exit or not when exit be the most unpleased part of this app . despite you exit this app or not , you always receive push notification when new message come . so , i wanna see no tip for exit or not next time . and i will absolutely give this app five star .
wow . it's very good . my wechat id saeed8265 .
kool app but need to separate american from foreign country , all i get in the chat be foreign people .
we need some more american in this app . add me j . fairhurst .
load and connect be too slow , take like 2 min to load the new message .
great app , but can be slow . you have to tell your friend to sign up since 99 of the people on this app be asian .
show invalid no . format !
good , but not enough .
1 . need live tile . 2 . need skin support .
nice app for wp .
sex party .
great app . love it . thank .
very good .
its a good app .
esta vuena la rrecomiendo mucho .
unable to register in estonia .
this app be actually fun . you get to meet anonymous people from around the world and attempt to communicate with them ! its fun , but can also be weird depend on who you talk to . lately i've be meet people from china and canada . d all nice people . one thing be that you will most likely pick up chinese speaker . d so tolerance be key .
fun to play with .
useless of you don't live in china . nearest wechat user to me be in shanghai . i live in the us !
much better now .
very good .
great social app !
so fun !
very good .
pls update quicker !
please add saudi arabia .
shake . first review .
